MANUFACTURER'S REPRESENTATIVE AGREEMENT

This agreement is entered into by YBK Arnold LLC dba Arnoid Contract, (herein called "The Company") and
Arnold Collective LLC dba Key Collective Group (herein cailed "The Representative").

1. INTRODUCTION

Subject to the covenants and conditions of this agreement, The Representative will solicit orders for the commercial
products manufactured or purchased for resale by The Company, and receive therefore a commission.

1A. MARKETING
The Representative shall also assist in the marketing of The Company's products within the Territory.

2. COMPENSATION

The Representative shall be entitled to receive compensation under this Agreement in the form of commissions on
the sales by the Company at the rates, and subject to the conditions specified on exhibit A and exhibit B attached
hereto. Commissions shall be computed based upon the Company's Net Sale Amount. Net Sale Amount is the total
amount of the sale exclusive of freight, taxes and installation fees and installation supervision fees.

Any discounts shall only be excluded from the Net Sale Amount upon agreement of both parties prior to the
applicable sale.

Commissions shall be credited to the Representative once the order has been received and acceptec by the
Company as a firm order, and such commission credits shall be subject to subsequent revision for returns and
allowances, etc. or cancellation in the case of order cancellation.

3. PRICING

Prices, terms and conditions quoted by The Representative for The Company's products must be based on current
written quotations and/or price lists, which will be furnished by The Company to The Representative. The
Representative has no authority to deviate from these prices, terms and conditions without receiving written
authorization from The Company.

4. PLACEMENT

Written purchase orders will be placed by the customer directly with The Company and will not be deemed received
until The Company at its New Jersey office receives and acknowledges such written order from The Customer.

5. COMPETING LINES
The Representative shall not represent directly competing product lines that are substantially
similar to the Company’s core product line. Manufacturers with competing product lines are listed in Exhibit C.

6. EXISTING LINES

The Representative will continue to represent other manufacturers in the contract furniture industry. The
Representative's existing manufacturer partners are listed in Exhibit C. The Representative may add additional non-
competing manufacturer partners at any time. The Representative will be prohibited from adding manufacturers that
produce competing lines, unless approved in writing by the Company.

Initial, eA Hy
