7. OWNERSHIP OF MATERIALS

All brochures, price lists, samples and any other material shipped or sent by The Company to The Representative
will remain the property of The Company unless The Representative is notified in writing to the contrary. Within ten
(10) days following the end of the thirty (30) day protection period, all such brochures, price lists, samples and other
material shall be returned or redistributed per The Company's instructions. The Company shall be responsible for
shipping charges unless otherwise agreed.

8. TERMINATION

Either Party may terminate this Agreement without cause by written notice to the other party. In the event the
Company elects to terminate this Agreement without cause, the Company shall pay the Representative
commissions pursuant to this Agreement for all orders received within sixty (60) calendar days after the effective
date of the termination. in the event the Representative elects to terminate this Agreement, the Representative shall
be entitled to receive commissions in accordance with this Agreement with respect to all orders received by the
Company prior to the date of notification. Also, in the event of Termination, the Company must still adhere to the
terms described in Exhibit "B" for payment of the Commission Balance liability detailed in Schedule B.

9. PROTECTED ACCOUNTS / OPPORTUNITY REGISTRATION
Representative shall be entitled to commissions on any account or project:
(a) introduced by Representative; or

(b) for which Representative submitted a quote, proposal, or facilitated material engagement prior to termination,
regardless of whether the final order is placed directly with the Company.

10. HOUSE ACCOUNTS

House Accounts are defined as any account sourced exclusively by the owners of The Company without the
involvement of The Representative, or any account mutually agreed upon in writing by both parties to be
designated as such. The Representative shall not be entitled to commissions on any House Account.

11, PLACE OF AGREEMENT

This agreement is entered into in Irvington, NJ, and shall only be binding when accepted by The Company at its NJ
office and shall be governed by the local law of the NJ.

12, JURISDICTION

This agreement will be governed by and interpreted and constructed in accordance with the laws of the State of
New Jersey. Any action arising directly or indirectly from this Agreement shail be litigated only in the courts of New
Jersey and The Representative hereby consents to the jurisdiction of any local, state or federal court located within
the State of New Jersey.

inte DT
