EXHIBIT "A" —- NEW ORDERS
REPRESENTATIVE COMMISSION SCHEDULE

Commission: The Representative will be paid a commission of ten percent (10%) on the Net Sale Amount of all
commercial orders. In addition, an additional ten percent (10%) of the Net Sale Amount of each new order shall
be applied toward the outstanding Commission Balance detailed in Exhibit “B” and Schedule “B”, until such
balance is paid in full. Once the Commission Balance has been satisfied in full, the Representative’s commission
rate shall remain at ten percent (10%) on all commercial orders.

Territory:

NY Metro Territory inclusive of Lower CT (Fairfield County), New York City, New York State (Westchester
County), Long Island and New Jersey

Mid Atlantic Territory inclusive of Eastern Pennsylvania, Delaware, Maryland, Virginia and Washington DC.

Representative shall receive commissions on all sales within the Territory, regardless of whether the order
is placed directly with the Company, unless such account is designated as a House Account.

Commission Payment Schedule:

50% of the total commission shall be due after The Company has been paid by the product deposit by the
customer. If no product deposit is paid by the customer, then 100% of the total commission shall be due
after The Company has been paid by the customer in full.

If The Company has paid 50% total commission to The Representative, then the 50% balance of the total
commission shail be due after The Company has been paid by the customer in full.

A copy of every invoice (and order acknowledgement) shail be sent to The Representative for every sale
The Company makes in the Territory.

No commission will be paid on service, rework, replacement parts or anything else not considered new
merchandise.

Company shail provide monthly commission statements detailing all sales within the Territory.
Representative shall have the right to audit such records upon reasonable notice.

Commissions shall be paid within ten (10) days of Company's receipt of customer payment.

No commission will be paid on "consignment invoices" wherein a dealer is consigned merchandise for
display or showroom purposes.

Company shall use commercially reasonable efforts to invoice and collect payments in a timely manner and
shall not take actions intended to delay or avoid commission payments.

Initial 2, OT
