Attorney ID #034882005

CLARK GULDIN
Attorneys At Law
20 Church Street – Suite 15
Montclair, New Jersey 07042
973-206-5789
973-206-5790 (fax)
Attorneys for Plaintiff
Arnold Collective LLC
d/b/a Key Collective Group
                                                     SUPERIOR COURT OF NEW JERSEY
                                                     LAW DIVISION: ESSEX COUNTY
                                                     DOCKET NO. BER-L-


  ARNOLD COLLECTIVE LLC d/b/a KEY
  COLLECTIVE GROUP,
                                                                     CIVIL ACTION
                  Plaintiff,
  vs.
  YBK ARNOLD LLC d/b/a ARNOLD                                        COMPLAINT
  CONTRACT, ARNOLD KOLAX
  FURNITURE, INC. f/k/a ARNOLD
  CONTRACT, and BENJAMIN KOLAX,
                  Defendants.

        Plaintiff, Arnold Collective LLC d/b/a Key Collective Group, by way of Complaint against

Defendants, YBK Arnold LLC d/b/a Arnold Contract, Arnold Kolax Furniture, Inc. f/k/a Arnold

Contract, and Benjamin Kolax (collectively, the “Defendants”), alleges and says:

                                            PARTIES
        1.      Plaintiff, Arnold Collective LLC d/b/a Key Collective Group (“Plaintiff”), is a New

Jersey limited liability company with an address at 61 Madison Avenue, New Providence, New

Jersey 07974.

        2.      Plaintiff is an independent sales company that was formed in February 2020 to

solicit orders as a sales representative for non-competing furniture manufacturers.

        3.      Defendant, Arnold Kolax Furniture, Inc. f/k/a Arnold Contract (“Arnold Kolax”),

is a New Jersey corporation with an address at 120 Coit Street, Irvington, New Jersey 07111.

        4.      Arnold Kolax was a manufacturer that Plaintiff represented, and which during the

parties’ business relations operated under the trade name “Arnold Contract.”
       5.      Defendant, Benjamin Kolax (“Mr. Kolax”), is a natural person residing at 8 Upper

Brook Lane, Hillsdale, New Jersey 07642, and was/is the owner and CEO of Arnold Kolax.

       6.      Defendant, YBK Arnold LLC d/b/a Arnold Contract (“YBK”), is a New Jersey

limited liability company with an address at 120 Coit Street, Irvington, New Jersey 07111.

       7.      YBK is a manufacturer that Plaintiff represented after YBK, upon information and

belief, purchased Arnold Kolax’s assets (including, but not limited to, the trade name Arhold

Arnold Contract), and assumed some of its liabilities.

                                  GENERAL ALLEGATIONS

       8.      Plaintiff and Arnold Kolax were parties to a certain Manufacturer’s Representative
Agreement dated March 4, 2025 (the “Kolax Agreement”), under which Plaintiff was granted a

twelve (12%) percent commission rate on the net sale amount of all commercial orders placed for

products manufactured for sale or purchased for resale by Arnold Kolax.

       9.      Arnold Kolax generally required customers to pay a deposit when placing an order

for a commercial product, then invoiced customers when their products were near completion.

       10.     The Kolax Agreement required Arnold Kolax to pay half of Plaintiff’s 12%

commission upon its receipt of a customer’s deposit funds, and the remaining amount once the

customer paid the invoice; or pay Plaintiff’s total commission once the customer paid the invoice,

when no deposit funds were required.

       11.     In recent years, Arnold Kolax failed to pay Plaintiff’s commission in a timely

manner, which significantly harmed Plaintiff’s business operations.

       12.     As a consequence of Arnold Kolax’s defaults, from approximately September 2025

to March 2026, Angela and Eric Arnold (the “Arnolds”), Plaintiff’s sole members, incurred credit

card debt, withdrew money from personal investments, and utilized assets from an inheritance, to

maintain Plaintiff’s financial stability and continue its operations.

       13.     When the Arnolds addressed the delayed commissions with Mr. Kolax, he blamed

the delays on Arnold Kolax’s alleged financial struggles and eventually expressed his interest in a



                                                 -2-
corporate winddown of Arnold Kolax, with the intention of continuing Arnold Contract’s business

operations under a different corporate entity.

       14.     Mr. Kolax claimed to Plaintiff that he was concerned about the optics of making

large payments at the beginning of a corporate winddown, and thus, through his control over

Arnold Kolax, Mr. Kolax withheld the commissions due and owing to Plaintiff.

       15.     Upon information and belief, in anticipation of a corporate winddown, Mr. Kolax,

in his role as owner and CEO, transferred assets from Arnold Kolax to himself to the detriment of

Arnold Kolax’s creditors, including Plaintiff.

       16.     On or about January 29, 2026, Plaintiff provided Arnold Kolax with notice of its
resignation from its role as sales representative, and indicated that Plaintiff expected Arnold Kolax

to pay the commissions owed and to be owed to Plaintiff for invoiced and open orders.

       17.     Arnold Kolax did not pay any such commissions owed.

       18.     On or about March 4, 2026, Plaintiff then sent a formal demand to Mr. Kolax, in

his role as owner and CEO of Arnold Kolax, for $135,376.22 in outstanding commissions on

deposit funds and invoiced orders, and $66,861.63 in commissions on open orders, which would

be due upon customer payment.

       19.     Following this formal demand, Plaintiff was informed that Arnold Kolax sold its

assets to YBK, and that YBK assumed Arnold Kolax’s liabilities for all past due and future

commissions owed to Plaintiff.

       20.     After discussions with YBK, on April 30, 2026, Plaintiff and YBK then executed a

Manufacturer’s Representative Agreement (the “YBK Agreement”), at which time, YBK (and

Arnold Kolax) owed Plaintiff $177,457.92 for outstanding commissions and open orders (the

“Commission Balance”).

       21.     Under the YBK Agreement, YBK was required to pay Plaintiff: (i) $50,000 of the

Commission Balance upon execution; (ii) an additional $5,000.00 per month, from May 2026 to

July 2026; and (iii) ten (10%) percent of each new commercial order that Plaintiff handled as



                                                 -3-
YBK’s sales representative, all of which were to be applied to the Commission Balance until it

was satisfied in full.

        22.     Additionally, the YBK Agreement required YBK pay Plaintiff a separate ten (10%)

percent commission on all new commercial orders, which rate would survive the satisfaction of

the Commission Balance.

        23.     Since YBK’s acquisition of Arnold Contract, however, it has informed existing

customers that it was not responsible for the obligations, orders, and liabilities of Arnold Kolax,

and YBK has not addressed many existing customers’ losses on orders placed prior to such

acquisition.
        24.     Those existing customers brought these losses to Plaintiff’s attention, and one such

customer even threatened Plaintiff with legal action for its loss of approximately $150,000.00 for

an unfulfilled order, and further banned Plaintiff from promoting any other product lines within its

organization.

        25.     Due to YBK’s poor business relationship with existing Arnold Contract customers

and the negative impact on Plaintiff’s business and reputation, Plaintiff terminated the YBK

Agreement on June 26, 2026.

        26.     Upon termination of the YBK Agreement, YBK (and Arnold Kolax) owed Plaintiff

$67,992.96 for the remaining amount of the Commission Balance, and will owe Plaintiff

$19,461.90 in commissions on open orders.

        27.     YBK, however, has indicated that it will not compensate Plaintiff for the remaining

amount of the Commission Balance or any open orders.

                                         FIRST COUNT

        28.     Plaintiff reincorporates the allegations of the preceding paragraphs as if fully set

forth herein.

        29.     Plaintiff is a sales representative under the New Jersey Sales Representatives’

Rights Act, N.J.S.A. 2A:61A-1 et seq. (the “NJSRRA”).

        30.     Arnold Kolax and YBK are principals under the NJSRRA.

                                                -4-
        31.     The remaining amount of the Commission Balance owed by Arnold Kolax and

YBK to Plaintiff is a “Commission” under the NJSRRA, which began accruing under the Kolax

Agreement and then the YBK Agreement.

        32.     The Kolax Agreement was terminated on January 29, 2026, and the YBK

Agreement was terminated on June 26, 2026.

        33.     The Commission Balance owed to Plaintiff under the Kolax and YBK Agreements

were due within thirty (30) days of termination of each agreement.

        34.     Arnold Kolax failed to pay Plaintiff the commissions and other compensation owed

under the Kolax Agreement.
        35.     Upon information and belief, Arnold Kolax transferred assets to Mr. Kolax while

it owed Plaintiff such commissions and other compensation.

        36.     YBK assumed Arnold Kolax’s liabilities to Plaintiff and then failed to pay the

Commission Balance owed to Plaintiff under bother the Kolax and YBK Agreements.

        37.     The commissions and other compensation owed to Plaintiff for open orders under

the YBK Agreement will be due upon customer payment of the orders.

        38.     YBK has preemptively refused to pay Plaintiff these commissions and other

compensation, thus anticipatorily breaching the YBK Agreement.

        39.     As a result of Defendants’ actions, Plaintiff has been, and continues to be,

harmed.

        40.     The Court should invoke and provide all available remedies under the NJSRRA

against YBK, including, but not limited to, all amounts due to Plaintiff under the Kolax and YBK

Agreements, which total $67,992.96; exemplary damages in an amount of three (3) times the

amount of commissions owed to Plaintiff; a judgment for the commissions and other compensation

that will be due on open orders under the YBK Agreement; and attorneys’ fees and costs.

        WHEREFORE, Plaintiff demands Judgment against Defendants, YBK Arnold LLC d/b/a

Arnold Contract and Arnold Kolax Furniture, Inc. f/k/a Arnold Contract, jointly and severally, for

all relief it is entitled to in law and equity and specifically as follows:

                                                   -5-
             a. Award of any and all relief available under N.J.S.A. 2A:61A-1 et seq.;

             b. Award of compensatory and consequential damages;

             c. Award of treble damages;

             d. Award of costs of the suit and reasonable attorneys’ fees;

             e. Award of pre- and post-judgment interest; and

             f. Award of such other relief as the Court deems to be just and proper.

                                         SECOND COUNT

       41.      Plaintiff reincorporates the allegations of the preceding paragraphs as if fully set

forth herein.
       42.      In material breach of the YBK Agreement, YBK failed and refused to timely pay

the balance due to Plaintiff thereunder.

       43.      YBK has also preemptively refused to pay the balance that will be owed to Plaintiff

for commissions and other compensation on open orders.

       44.      YBK’s failure to pay Plaintiff the balance due and the future balance owed has

directly and proximately caused Plaintiff financial damage in a principal amount of no less than

$67,992.96, plus Plaintiff’s costs and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable

attorneys’ fees and costs.

       45.      Plaintiff has satisfied all conditions precedent under the YBK Agreement.

       WHEREFORE, Plaintiff demands Judgment against Defendant, YBK Arnold LLC d/b/a

Arnold Contract, for all relief it is entitled to in law and equity and specifically as follows:

             a. Award of compensatory and consequential damages;

             b. Award of judgment for the future balance owed;

             c. Award of costs of the suit and reasonable attorneys’ fees;

             d. Award pre- and post-judgment interest; and

             e. Award of such other relief as the Court deems to be just and proper.




                                                  -6-
                                           THIRD COUNT

        46.      Plaintiff reincorporates the allegations of the preceding paragraphs as if fully set

forth herein.

        47.      In material breach of the Kolax Agreement, Arnold Kolax failed and refused to

timely pay the balance due to Plaintiff thereunder.

        48.      Arnold Kolax’s failure to pay Plaintiff the balance due has directly and proximately

caused Plaintiff financial damage in the principal amount of $67,992.96, plus Plaintiff’s costs and

expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs.

        49.      Plaintiff has satisfied all conditions precedent under the Kolax Agreement.
        WHEREFORE, Plaintiff demands Judgment against Defendant, Arnold Kolax Furniture,

Inc. f/k/a Arnold Contract, for all relief it is entitled to in law and equity and specifically as follows:

              f. Award of compensatory and consequential damages;

              g. Award of costs of the suit and reasonable attorneys’ fees;

              h. Award pre- and post-judgment interest; and

              i. Award of such other relief as the Court deems to be just and proper.

                                          FOURTH COUNT

        50.      Plaintiff reincorporates the allegations of the preceding paragraphs as if fully set

forth herein.

        51.      Plaintiff is a creditor under the New Jersey Uniform Voidable Transactions Act,

N.J.S.A. 25:2-20 et seq. (“UVTA”).

        52.      Arnold Kolax is a debtor under the UVTA.

        53.      Mr. Kolax is an insider under the UVTA.

        54.      The monies owed by Arnold Kolax to Plaintiff are a “debt” under the UVTA.

        55.      Plaintiff’s claims are “claims” under the UVTA.

        56.      Arnold Kolax is “insolvent” under the UVTA because it did not pay its debts as

they became due and owing to Plaintiff, as more fully set forth in the preceding paragraphs, and

Arnold Kolax does not have a bona fide dispute within the meaning of the UVTA.

                                                   -7-
       57.      Under the UVTA, a creditor may, among other things, seek to void and return all

transfers made during a debtor’s insolvency.

       58.      Upon information and belief, Arnold Kolax has transferred assets to Mr. Kolax

while it has been insolvent.

       59.      Arnold Kolax would have made those transfers knowing of its debt to Plaintiff and

without any intent to pay Plaintiff.

       60.      As a result of Arnold Kolax and Mr. Kolax’s actions, Plaintiff has been, and

continues to be, harmed.

       61.      The transfers alleged at issue are voidable as to Plaintiff as both a present and future
creditor under N.J.S.A. 25:2-25.

       62.      The Court should invoke and provide all available remedies under the UVTA

against Arnold Kolax and Mr. Kolax, including, but not limited to, avoidance of all transfers made

or obligations during the period of insolvency, attachment of all assets or other property

transferred, issuance of a preliminary and final injunction against further disposition of assets or

property by Arnold Kolax and any transferees, and appointment of a receiver at the expense of

Arnold Kolax to investigate, identify, and reclaim all assets and property transferred in violating

of the UVTA.

       WHEREFORE, Plaintiff demands Judgment against Defendants, Arnold Kolax Furniture,

Inc. f/k/a Arnold Contract and Benjamin Kolax, jointly and severally, for all relief it is entitled to

in law and equity and specifically as follows:

             g. Award of any and all relief available under N.J.S.A. 25:2-20 et seq.;

             h. Award of compensatory and consequential damages;

             i. Award of punitive damages;

             j. Award of costs of the suit and reasonable attorneys’ fees;

             k. Award of pre- and post-judgment interest; and

             l. Award of such other relief as the Court deems to be just and proper.



                                                 -8-
                                          FIFTH COUNT

       63.      Plaintiff reincorporates the allegations of the preceding paragraphs as if fully set

forth herein.

       64.      Mr. Kolax is the sole owner, CEO, and control person of Arnold Kolax.

       65.      Mr. Kolax exercised, and continues to exercise, complete domination and control

over all aspects of Arnold Kolax’s finances and business practices, including all aspects of Arnold

Kolax’s dealings with Plaintiff.

       66.      Upon information and belief, before and at the time of entering into the YBK

Agreement, Arnold Kolax and Mr. Kolax had no intention of repaying Plaintiff in full.
       67.      The domination and control of Arnold Kolax by Mr. Kolax, as more fully described

in the preceding paragraphs, was used to commit false representations to Plaintiff and render

Arnold Kolax insolvent, which resulted in the failure by Arnold Kolax to pay the full amount due

and owing to Plaintiff.

       68.      Upon information and belief, Mr. Kolax continued to systematically withdraw

funds from Arnold Kolax, including those funds paid by customers and due to Plaintiff as

commissions.

       69.      As a direct and proximate result of the misconduct and fraud by Arnold Kolax and

Mr. Kolax, as more fully described in the preceding paragraphs, Plaintiff has been directly and

proximately caused financial damage in the principal amount of $67,992.96, plus Plaintiff’s costs

and expenses, including, without limitation, reasonable attorneys’ fees and costs.

       WHEREFORE, Plaintiff demands Judgment against Defendants, Arnold Kolax Furniture,

Inc. f/k/a Arnold Contract and Benjamin Kolax, jointly and severally, for all relief it is entitled to

in law and equity and specifically as follows:

             a. Award of compensatory and consequential damages;

             b. Award of punitive damages;

             c. Award of costs of the suit and reasonable attorneys’ fees;

             d. Award of pre- and post-judgment interest; and

                                                 -9-
            e. Award of such other relief as the Court deems to be just and proper.



                             DESIGNATION OF TRIAL COUNSEL

         Pursuant to and in accordance with R. 4:5-1(c), Jonathan T. Guldin, Esq. is hereby

designated as trial counsel for Plaintiff.



                       CERTIFICATION PURSUANT TO R. 4:5-1(b)(2)

                Pursuant to and in accordance with R. 4:5-1(b)(2), I, the undersigned, attorney for
Plaintiff, hereby certify that the within matter is not the subject of any other action or arbitration

proceeding, and no other action or arbitration proceeding is contemplated. I further certify that I

am unaware of any non-party who should be joined in this action pursuant to R. 4:28 or who is

subject to joinder pursuant to R. 4:29-1(b) because of potential liability to any party of the basis of

the same transactional facts. The Plaintiff nevertheless reserves the right to add parties upon

completion of discovery. I acknowledge the Plaintiff’s continuing obligation to amend this

certification pursuant to R. 4:5-1(b)(2).

                I certify that the foregoing statements made by me are true. I am aware that if any

of the foregoing statements made by me are willfully false, I am subject to punishment.

                                                        CLARK GULDIN
                                                        Attorneys for Plaintiff


                                                        By:
Dated:                , 2026                                     Jonathan T. Guldin, Esq.




                                                 -10-
