(b) __ bill of sale, duly executed by the Buyer, in the form annexed hereto as
Exhibit C;

(c) executed Note in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit A;
(d) executed Personal Guaranties in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit B;

(e) executed assignment and assumption of the Lease in the form annexed
hereto as Exhibit D; and

r¢3) resolutions of the Buyer’s member(s) authorizing the execution and delivery
of the Agreement and authorizing the Transactions.

ARTICLE 3
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE SELLER

The Seller hereby represents and warrants to the Buyer (in the case of any assets or
liabilities of the Seller, solely with respect to the Purchased Assets and Assumed Liabilities) as
follows:

3.1. Organization, Standing and Corporate Power. The Seller is a duly organized New

Jersey corporation validly existing and in good standing in the State of New Jersey and has the

requisite corporate power and authority to own or lease all of its properties and assets and to carry

on its business as it is now being conducted. The Seller has all necessary power and authority to

execute and deliver this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party, to”
perform and comply with each of its obligations hereunder and thereunder and, in accordance with

the terms hereof and thereof, will have all necessary corporate or similar authority to consummate

the Transactions.

3.3. Authority Relative to this Agreement. The execution and delivery by the Seller of this
Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which the Seller is a party, the performance
and compliance by the Seller with each of their obligations herein and therein, and the
consummation by it of the Transactions have been duly and validly authorized and approved by
all necessary corporate or other action on the part of the Seller.

3.2 Due Execution. The Seller has duly and validly executed and delivered this Agreement
and will (as of the Closing) duly and validly execute and deliver the other Transaction Documents
to which it is a party and, assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery by the Buyer of
this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is party, and by the other parties
to the Transaction Documents, this Agreement constitutes and the other Transaction Documents
will constitute (as of the Closing) legal, valid and binding obligations of Seller, enforceable against
Seller in accordance with its terms.

3.2. Legal Proceedings and Orders. Except for the Eviction Action and the employee
litigation described on Schedule 3, there is no pending or, to the knowledge of the Seller,
threatened action, suit, arbitration, proceeding (including any civil, criminal, administrative,
investigative or appellate proceeding or any informal proceeding) or investigation pending or
being heard by or before, or otherwise involving, any governmental authority, arbitrator,
