by Lender for its own account or as agent for another or others, whether Borrower may be liable
individually or jointly with others, whether recovery upon such debts, liabilities, and obligations
may be or hereafter become barred by any statute of limitations, and whether such debts, liabilities,
and obligations may be or hereafter become otherwise unenforceable. Indebtedness includes,
without limitation, any and all obligations of Borrower to Lender for reasonable attorneys! fees
and all other costs and expenses incurred by Lender in the collection or enforcement of any debts,
liabilities, and obligations of Borrower to Lender.

3. Obligations Independent. The obligations hereunder are independent of the obligations of
Borrower or any other guarantor, and a separate action or actions may be brought and prosecuted
against Guarantor whether action is brought against Borrower or any other guarantor or whether
Borrower or any other guarantor be joined in any such action or actions. Anyone executing this
Guaranty shall be bound by its terms without regard to execution by anyone else.

4. Rights of Lender. Guarantor authorizes Lender, without notice or demand and without affecting
its liability hereunder, from time to time to:

(a) renew, compromise, extend, accelerate, or otherwise change the time for payment, or otherwise
change the terms, of the Indebtedness or any part thereof, including increase or decrease of the rate
of interest thereon, or otherwise change the terms of any Lender Agreements;

(b) receive and hold security for the payment of this Guaranty or any Indebtedness and exchange,
enforce, waive, release, fail to perfect, sell, or otherwise dispose of any such security;

(c) apply such security and direct the order or manner of sale thereof as Lender in its discretion
may determine;

(d) release or substitute any Guarantor or any one or more of any endorsers or other guarantors of
any of the Indebtedness; and

(e) permit the Indebtedness to exceed Guarantor's liability under this Guaranty, and Guarantor
agrees that any amounts received by Lender from any source other than Guarantor shall be deemed
to be applied first to any portion of the Indebtedness not guaranteed by Guarantor.

5. Guaranty to be Absolute. Guarantor agrees that until the Indebtedness has been paid in full
and any commitments of Lender or facilities provided by Lender with respect to the Indebtedness
have been terminated, Guarantor shall not be released by or because of the taking, or failure to
take, any action that might in any manner or to any extent vary the risks of Guarantor under this
Guaranty or that, but for this paragraph, might discharge or otherwise reduce, limit, or modify
Guarantor's obligations under this Guaranty. Guarantor waives and surrenders any defense to any
liability under this Guaranty based upon any such action, including but not limited to any action
of Lender described in the immediately preceding paragraph of this Guaranty. It is the express
intent of Guarantor that Guarantor’s obligations under this Guaranty are and shall be absolute and
unconditional.

6. Guarantor's Waivers of Certain Rights and Certain Defenses. Guarantor waives:
