Tenant shall pay all charges for water, sewer, gas, electricity, telephone and other services and utilities
used by Tenant on the Leased Premises during the term of this Lease unless otherwise expressly agreed
in writing by Landlord. In the event there is only one meter for any above the utilities and another
Tenant shares the utility, Tenant shall pay its allocable share. Tenant acknowledges that the Leased
Premises are designed to provide standard office use electrical facilities and standard office lighting.
Tenant shall not use any equipment or devices that utilizes excessive electrical energy or which may, in
Landlord's reasonable opinion, over load the wiring or interfere with electrical services to other tenants.

NNN Lease.

Tenant expressly acknowledges that this is a Triple Net Lease and Tenant shall do all acts and make all
payments connected with or arising out of the Premises, including, but not limited to, real estate taxes,
water and sewer charges, Landlord building and liability insurance, landscaping, sanitation, snow
removal, property management, repairs and maintenance, and all utilities, to the end that Landlord shall
receive all rent provided for herein free and undiminished by any expenses, fees or charges, and
Landlord shall not be obligated to perform any acts or to be subject to any liability or to make any
payments whatsoever. If any of the above charges are paid by Landlord, Tenant shall reimburse
Landlord monthly the prorated amount along with the base rent.

Signs.

Following Landlord's consent, Tenant shall have the right to place on the Leased Premises, at locations
selected by Tenant, any signs which are permitted by applicable zoning ordinances and private
restrictions. Landlord may refuse consent to any proposed signage that is in Landlord's opinion too
large, deceptive, unattractive or otherwise inconsistent with or inappropriate to the Leased Premises or
use of any other tenant. Landlord shall assist and cooperate with Tenant in obtaining any necessary
permission from governmental authorities or adjoining owners and occupants for Tenant to place or
construct the foregoing signs. Tenant shall repair all damage to the Leased Premises resulting from the
removal of signs installed by Tenant.

Entry.

Landlord shall have the right to enter upon the Leased Premises at reasonable hours to inspect the
same, provided Landlord shall not thereby unreasonably interfere with Tenant's business on the Leased
Premises.

Building Rules.
Tenant will comply with all of the reasonable rules.

Damage and Destruction.

If the Leased Premises or any part thereof or any appurtenance thereto is so damaged by fire, casualty
or structural defects, such damage or defects not being the result of any act of negligence by Tenant or
by any of Tenant's agents, employees or invitees, that the same cannot be used for Tenant's purposes,
then Tenant shall have the right within ninety (90) days following damage to elect by notice to Landlord
to terminate this Lease as of the date of such damage. In the event of minor damage to any part of the
Leased Premises, and if such damage does not render the Leased Premises unusable for Tenant's
purposes, Landlord shall promptly repair such damage at the cost of the Landlord. In making the repairs
called for in this paragraph, Landlord shall not be liable for any delays resulting from strikes,
governmental restrictions, inability to obtain necessary materials or labor or other matters which are
