CONTINUING AND UNCONDITIONAL GUARANTY

From: Kalman Kamionka, residing at 5520 15th Avenue, Apt. 4A, Brooklyn NY 11219, as
guarantor (“Guarantor”)

To: Amold Kolax Furniture, Inc. and its assignees (“Lender”)

1. The Guaranty. For valuable consideration, the undersigned hereby unconditionally guarantees
and promises to pay promptly to Lender in lawful money of the United States, any and all
Indebtedness of YBK Arnold LLC ("Borrower") to Lender when due, whether at stated maturity,
upon acceleration or otherwise, and at all times thereafter. The liability of Guarantor under this
Guaranty is not limited as to the principal amount of the Indebtedness guaranteed and includes,
without limitation, liability for all interest, fees, indemnities (including, without limitation,
hazardous waste indemnities), and other costs and expenses relating to or arising out of the
Indebtedness now or hereafter owing from Borrower to Lender. The liability of Guarantor is
continuing and relates to any Indebtedness, including that arising under successive transactions
which shall either continue the Indebtedness or from time to time renew it after it has been satisfied.
This Guaranty is cumulative and does not supersede any other outstanding guaranties, and the
liability of Guarantor under this Guaranty is exclusive of Guarantor's liability under any other
guaranties signed by Guarantor. If multiple individuals or entities sign this Guaranty, their
obligations under this Guaranty shall be joint and several. If Guarantor is a subsidiary or affiliate
of Borrower, Guarantor's liability hereunder shall not exceed at any one time the largest amount
during the period commencing with Guarantor's execution of this Guaranty and thereafter that
would not render Guarantor's obligations hereunder subject to avoidance under Section 548 of the
Bankruptcy Code (Title 11, United States Code) or any comparable provisions of any applicable
state law.

2. Definitions.

(a) “Lender Agreements” shall mean all agreements, documents, and instruments evidencing any
of the Indebtedness, including but not limited to all loan agreements between Borrower and
Lender, promissory notes from Borrower in favor of Lender, and all deeds of trust, mortgages,
security agreements, and other agreements, documents, and instruments executed by Borrower in
connection with the Indebtedness, all as now in effect and as hereafter amended, restated, renewed,
or superseded.

(b) "Borrower" shal! mean the individual or the entity named in Paragraph 1 of this Guaranty and,
if more than one, then any one or more of them.

(c) "Guarantor" shall mean the individual or the entity signing this Guaranty and, if more than one,
then any one or more of them.

(d) "Indebtedness" shall mean any and all debts, liabilities, and obligations of Borrower to Lender,
now or hereafter existing, whether voluntary or involuntary and however arising, whether direct
or indirect or acquired by Lender by assignment, succession, or otherwise, whether due or not due,
