Subject to the foregoing, the terms and conditions of this Lease shall continue to apply during the
Renewal Term in the same manner as during the Initial Term. Tenant acknowledges that the premises is
owned by Landlord as a real estate investment and that failure by Tenant to exercise the option as a
result of accident, surprise, negligent or mistake, shall not in any way entitle Tenant to exercise the
option after the specified time.

Security deposit.
Tenant shall pay to Landlord a "Security Deposit" in the amount of $78,000.00 Dollars within 12 months
of the commencement of this lease (of which Tenant has already deposited $20,000.00 with the

previous lease).

Prohibited Uses.

Notwithstanding the forgoing, Tenant shall not use the Leased Premises for the purposes of storing,
manufacturing, or selling any explosives, flammables or other inherently dangerous substance,
chemicals, items or devices except for finishing products used for furniture.

Certificate of occupancy

The tenant has researched and examined the premises regarding its usage prior to entering into this
lease and has entered into this lease without any representation on the part of the landlord as to the
allowed usage of the premises and accepts the premises “AS IS”. Should the Tenant’s permanent lawful
occupancy on the property be denied by the Municipality, and his occupancy will have to be terminated,
the Landlord will not be held responsible for any expenses incurred by the Tenant during the time of his
occupancy. If there is any requirement to obtain a certificate of occupancy, it shall be the Tenants
responsibility to obtain the certificate of occupancy and to make any of the necessary repairs in order to
obtain the certificate of occupancy. The lack of Tenant obtaining a certificate of occupancy shall not
exempt Tenant from any obligations of this lease including paying rent.

Repairs and Maintenance.

The tenant has examined the premises prior to entering into this lease and has entered into this lease
without any representation on the part of the landlord as to the condition of the premises and accepts
the premises in “AS IS” condition. During the Lease term, Tenant shall make, at Tenant's expense, all
necessary repairs and replacements to the Leased Premises. Repairs and replacements shall include but
are not limited to, repair and replacement of floors, walls, ceilings, gates, roof, plumbing, electrical,
electric and gas services, heating and cooling systems, mechanical systems and other parts of the Leased
Premises damaged or worn through normal occupancy. The tenant shall take good care of the premises
and agrees to maintain the interior and exterior in good, clean and neat condition. The Tenant will not
terminate his lawful obligations during the restoration process.

In the event the tenant fails to maintain the premises interior or exterior and the landlord is issued a
violation or summons for said condition, the tenant agrees to be liable for any fines / penalties imposed
on landlord. Such penalties will be considered as additional rent. Tenant agrees to remove all violations
issued or reimburse landlord for cost of removing violation including but not limited to legal fees within
seven (7) days of notification to tenant.

Alterations and Improvements.

Tenant, at Tenant's expense, shall have the right, upon obtaining Landlord's consent, which consent
shall not be unreasonably withheld, to remodel, redecorate, and make additions, improvements and
replacements of and to all or any part of the Leased Premises from time to time as Tenant may deem
