therein and the consummation by the Buyer of the Transactions have been duly and validly
authorized and approved by all necessary corporate or other action on the part of the Buyer and no
other corporate or other proceedings on the part of the Buyer and no stockholder votes are
necessary to authorize this Agreement, or the performance or consummation by the Buyer of the
Transactions. The Buyer has duly and validly executed and delivered this Agreement

3.3 The authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement by the Buyer do not and will not,
and the performance by the Buyer of this Agreement will not, with or without notice, lapse of time
or both, (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the organizational documents of the Buyer, or
(ii) conflict with or violate any Law or Order applicable to the Buyer, or by which any property or
asset of the Buyer is bound or affected.

3.4 The Buyer has the financial resources to complete this Agreement on the Closing Date without
delay.

3.5 The Buyer is financially capable of bearing the risk of loss of the entire investment represented
by the Sale Stock and is able to bear the economic risk of investment in the Sale Stock for an
indefinite period of time.

3.6 The Buyer is buying the Sale Stock for investment purposes and for the Buyer’s own account.
The Buyer is not acting as a nominee or agent for any other party and is not intending to distribute
the Sale Stock within the meaning of Section 2 (11) of the Securities Act.

4. NO VIOLATION. Completion by the Seller of this Agreement does not contravene any law,
regulation, order or judgment applicable to or binding on the Seller or the Company.

5. APPROVALS OR CONSENTS. Completion of this Agreement by either of the Parties jointly
or severally is not contingent on securing the approval or consent of any party who is not a Party
to this Agreement, provided however, Seller does not warrant or represent that completion by the
Seller of this Agreement will not conflict with or breach any other agreement, arrangement or
instrument to which the Company is a party. Buyer is solely responsible for obtaining any required
consents, including without limitation from the Small Business Administration, and will defend,
indemnify and hold harmless the Seller from and against any claim, damage, liability, loss, cost or
expense (including reasonable attorney’s fees) arising, directly or indirectly out of Buyer’s failure
to obtain required consents and authorizations.

6. INDEMNITY. The Buyer and the Seller each hereby agree to defend, indemnify and hold
harmless the other from and against any claim, damage, liability, loss, cost or expense (including
reasonable attorney’s fees) arising, directly or indirectly out of:

6.1. A failure on the part of one Party to perform any of the obligations referenced in this
Agreement, including without limitations Buyer’s obligations to obtain consents referenced in
paragraph 5,

6.2. An inaccuracy or breach of any warranties, undertakings or representations made by the
Parties in this Agreement, and shall extend to any and all actions, suits, litigation, arbitration,
