any manner the liability of Guarantor under the other provisions of this Guaranty. Any security
interest, lien, or other encumbrance that Guarantor may now or hereafter have on any property of
Borrower is hereby subordinated to any security interest, lien, or other encumbrance that Lender
may have on any such property.

10. Revocation of Guaranty.

(a) This Guaranty may be revoked at any time by Guarantor in respect to future transactions. Such
revocation shall be effective upon actual receipt by Lender, at the address shown below or at such
other address as may have been provided to Guarantor by Lender, of written notice of revocation.
Revocation shall not affect any of Guarantor's obligations or Lender's rights with respect to
transactions committed or entered into prior to Lender's receipt of such notice, regardless of
whether or not the Indebtedness related to such transactions, before or after revocation, has been
incurred, renewed, compromised, extended, accelerated, or otherwise changed as to any of its
terms, including time for payment or increase or decrease of the rate of interest thereon, and
regardless of any other act or omission of Lender authorized hereunder. Revocation by Guarantor
shall not affect any obligations of any other guarantor.

(b) In the event of the death of a Guarantor, the liability of the estate of the deceased Guarantor
shall continue in full force and effect as to (i) the Indebtedness existing at the date of death, and
any renewals or extensions thereof, and (ii) loans or advances made to or for the account of
Borrower after the date of the death of the deceased Guarantor pursuant to a commitment made by
Lender to Borrower prior to the date of such death. As to all surviving Guarantors, this Guaranty
shall continue in full force and effect after the death of a Guarantor, not only as to the Indebtedness
existing at that time, but also as to the Indebtedness thereafter incurred by Borrower to Lender.

(c) Guarantor acknowledges and agrees that this Guaranty may be revoked only in accordance with
the foregoing provisions of this paragraph and shall not be revoked simply as a result of any change
in name, location, or composition or structure of Borrower, the dissolution of Borrower, or the
termination, increase, decrease, or other change of any personnel or owners of Borrower.

11. Reinstatement of Guaranty. If this Guaranty is revoked, returned, or canceled, and
subsequently any payment or transfer of any interest in property by Borrower to Lender is
rescinded or must be returned by Lender to Borrower, this Guaranty shall be reinstated with respect
to any such payment or transfer, regardless of any such prior revocation, return, or cancellation.

12. Stay of Acceleration. In the event that acceleration of the time for payment of any of the
Indebtedness is stayed upon the insolvency, bankruptcy, or reorganization of Borrower or
otherwise, all such Indebtedness guaranteed by Guarantor shall nonetheless be payable by
Guarantor immediately if requested by Lender.

13. No Setoff or Deductions; Taxes.
(a) Guarantor represents and warrants that it is organized and/or a resident in New Jersey. All

payments by Guarantor hereunder shall be paid in full, without setoff or counterclaim or any
deduction or withholding whatsoever, including, without limitation, for any and all present and
