mediation, proceedings, investigations, claims or liabilities of whatever nature arising out of any
of the foregoing.

7. ENTIRE AGREEMENT. This Agreement sets out the entire agreement and understanding
between the Parties relating to the subject matter of this Agreement, and there are no other
conditions, promises, representations or undertakings between the Parties whether oral or written.

8. SEVERABILITY. The Parties agree that if any provision of this Agreement becomes invalid
or unenforceable for any reason: a) the offending provision shall be removed; and b) the remaining
provisions of this Agreement shall be unaffected and continue to be valid and enforceable for all
purposes.

9, AMENDMENT. This Agreement may only be amended by mutual agreement of the Parties in
writing.

10. WAIVERS. A waiver of a breach of any term of this Agreement or of a default by any Party
shall not constitute or be deemed to be a waiver of any other breach or default that may already
have occurred, or which may occur. Unless consideration has been received, any such waiver shall
not preclude the Party making the waiver from subsequently requiring compliance with the waived
obligation or default. A delay or indulgence or omission in exercising any right, power or remedy
shall not be construed as a waiver.

12. NOTICES. All notices or other communications required or permitted under, or otherwise
made in connection with, this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been duly
given or made (a) when delivered in person, (b) when sent if delivered or transmitted by email
(provided, no “bounce back” or notice of non-delivery is generated), (c) upon receipt after dispatch
by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested on postage prepaid, or (d) on the next
Business Day if transmitted by national overnight courier (with confirmation of delivery), in each
case, addressed as follows:

If to the Seller, to:
Courtney A. Schael, Esq.
Ashford — Schael LLC

100 Quimby Street, Suite |
Westfield, NJ. 07090

Email: eschael@ashfordnjlaw.com
-AND-
Benjamin Kolax

8 Upper Brook Lane
Hillsdale, NJ 07642

Ben@arnoldcontract.us
