STOCK PURCHASE AGREEMENT
ARNOLD RECEPTION DESKS, INC.

This Stock Purchase Agreement (“Agreement”) is entered into as of March 6, 2026 by and between
Benjamin Kolax (“Seller”) a New Jersey resident having an address at 8 Upper Brook Lane,
Hillsdale, NJ 07642 and ABC Coit Furniture, LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company, having
an address at 120 Coit Street, Irvington, NJ 07111 (“Buyer”).

WHEREAS, Seller owns one thousand shares (1,000) of common of no par value (“Sale Stocks”)
in the issued share capital of Amold Reception Desks, Inc. (“Company”), a corporation
incorporated in New Jersey. The Sale Stocks represent 100% of the issued share capital of the
Company.

WHEREAS, the Seller had indicated a desire to sell the Sale Stock to the Buyer and the Buyer has
indicated a desire to purchase the Sale Stock subject to the terms and condition of this Agreement.

NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the mutual covenants and promises made by the patties
hereto, the Buyer and the Seller (individually, each a “Party” and collectively, the “Parties”)
covenant and agree as follows.

1, THE SALE AND THE PURCHASE

1.1 The Seller hereby agrees to sell the Sale Stock and the Buyer hereby agrees to Buy the Sale

Stock free of any liens, charges or any other encumbrances together with all rights attaching to
such Sale Stock (“Purchase”).

1.2 The Buyer has agreed to pay a consideration of one hundred dollars ($100.00) for the purchase
of the Sale Stock (the “Purchase Price”).

1.3 On the closing date for the Purchase, which shall take place at a time and place to be
determined by the Parties (“Closing Date”), the Seller shall deliver to the Buyer all documentation
required by the Company for the processing of the transfer of the Sale Stock into the name of the
Buyer together with stock certificates (or documentary evidence thereof) for the Sale Stock.

1.4 On the Closing Date, the Buyer shall pay to the Seller or its designee(s) the Purchase Price,
by wire transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated by the Seller prior to the
Closing.

1.5 On the Closing Date, the Buyer shall deliver to Seller resolutions of the Buyer’s shareholder(s)
authorizing the execution and delivery of the Agreement and authorizing the transaction
contemplated herein.

1.6 On completion of all the obligations of the Seller and the Buyer pursuant to Clauses 1.3, 1.4
and 1.5, the Buyer shall deliver all the transfer documents and stock certificates (or documentary
evidence thereof) to the Company to have the Sale Stock transferred into the name of the Buyer.
