withholding tax is imposed on the payment. Notwithstanding the foregoing, if Guarantor makes a
payment under this Guaranty to which withholding tax applies or if any taxes (other than taxes on
net income (i) imposed by the country or any subdivision of the country in which Lender's principal
office or actual lending office is located and (ii) measured by the United States taxable income
Lender would have received if all payments under or in respect of this Guaranty were exempt from
taxes levied by Guarantor's country) are at any time imposed on any payments under or in respect
of this Guaranty including, but not limited to, payments made pursuant to this paragraph,
Guarantor shall pay all such taxes to the relevant authority in accordance with applicable law such
that Lender receives the sum it would have received had no such deduction or withholding been
made (or, if Guarantor cannot legally comply with the foregoing, Guarantor shall pay to Lender
such additional amounts as will result in Lender receiving the sum it would have received had no
such deduction or withholding been made). Further, Guarantor shall also pay to Lender, on
demand, all additional amounts that Lender specifies as necessary to preserve the after-tax yield
Lender would have received if such taxes had not been imposed.

(b) Guarantor shall promptly provide Lender with an original receipt or certified copy issued by
the relevant authority evidencing the payment of any such amount required to be deducted or
withheld.

15. Information Relating to Borrower. Guarantor acknowledges and agrees that it has made such
independent examination, review, and investigation of the Lender Agreements as Guarantor deems
necessary and appropriate, including, without limitation, any covenants pertaining to Guarantor
contained therein, and shall have sole responsibility to obtain from Borrower any information
required by Guarantor about any modifications thereto. Guarantor further acknowledges and
agrees that it shall have the sole responsibility for, and has adequate means of, obtaining from
Borrower such information concerning Borrower's financial condition or business operations as
Guarantor may require, and that Lender has no duty, and Guarantor is not relying on Lender, at
any time to disclose to Guarantor any information relating to the business operations or financial
condition of Borrower.

16. Borrower's Authorization. Where Borrower is a corporation, partnership, or limited liability
company, it is not necessary for Lender to inquire into the powers of Borrower or of the officers,
directors, partners, members, managers, or agents acting or purporting to act on its behalf, and any
Indebtedness made or created in reliance upon the professed exercise of such powers shall be
guaranteed hereunder.

17. Guarantor Information; Reporting to Credit Bureaus. Guarantor authorizes Lender to
verify or check any information given by Guarantor to Lender, check Guarantor’s credit
references, verify employment, and obtain credit reports. Guarantor agrees that Lender shall have
the right at all times to disclose and report to credit reporting agencies and credit rating agencies
such information pertaining to the Indebtedness and/or Guarantor as is consistent with Lender's
policies and practices from time to time in effect.

18. Change of Status. Any Guarantor that is a business entity shall not enter into any
consolidation, merger, or other combination unless Guarantor is the surviving business entity.
Further, Guarantor shall not change its legal structure unless (a) Guarantor obtains the prior written
