agree to file all Tax Returns (including the filing of IRS Form 8594 with their U.S. federal income
Tax Return for the taxable year that includes the date of the Closing) consistent with, and shall not
take any position in connection with Tax matters that is inconsistent with, the Final Allocation
unless otherwise required by a final determination within the meaning of Section 1313 of the Code
or any corresponding provision of state, local or non-U.S. Law, or as the Buyer or the Seller (as
applicable) determines is necessary to settle a dispute with a Tax authority after making a good
faith effort to defend the Final Allocation. In the event that a Governmental Authority disputes
the Final Allocation, the Party receiving notice of such dispute shall promptly notify the other
Party hereto, and the Seller and the Buyer shall, and shall cause their respective Affiliates to, use
their reasonable best efforts to defend such Final Allocation in any applicable proceeding.
OR ITS ASSIGNCL

1.8 | Option to Purchase Stock. Bey have a one year option to purchase all issued and BK

outstanding stock of Seller at a purchas€ price of one hundred dollars ($100.00) (the “Stock

Option”). To exercise the Stock Option, Buyer must provide at least fifteen (15) business days)/

written notice as provided in section 7.3. Closing to take place at a place and time agreed to by \
the parties.

ARTICLE
CLOSING

2.1 Time and Place of the Closing. Upon the terms and subject to the satisfaction or waiver
of the conditions contained in Article 6 of this Agreement, the closing of the sale of the Purchased
Assets and the assumption of the Assumed Liabilities contemplated by this Agreement (the
“Closing”) shall take place at a time and place to be determined by the parties. The date on which
the Closing actually occurs is herein referred to as the “Closing Date.”

2.2 Deliveries by the Seller at Closing. At or prior to the Closing, the Seller shall deliver or
cause to be delivered the following to the Buyer:

(a) possession of the Purchased Assets;

(b) _ bill of sale, duly executed by the Seller, in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit
Cc,

(c) resolutions of the Seller’s shareholder(s) authorizing the execution and delivery
of the Agreement and authorizing the Transactions;

(d) executed assignment and assumption of the Lease in the form annexed hereto as
Exhibit D; and

(e) such other documents of assignment and transfer as may be reasonably required
to vest in Buyer all right, title, and interest of Seller in and to the Purchased
Assets.

2.3. Deliveries by the Buyer at Closing. At or prior to the Closing, the Buyer shall deliver or
cause to be delivered the following to the Buyer:

(a) the Initial Payment, payable in accordance with 1.6;

K
