6. Guarantor's Waivers of Certain Rights and Certain Defenses. Guarantor waives:

(a) any right to require Lender to proceed against Borrower, proceed against or exhaust any
security for the Indebtedness, or pursue any other remedy in Lender's power whatsoever;

(b) any defense arising by reason of any disability or other defense of Borrower, or the cessation
from any cause whatsoever of the liability of Borrower;

(c) any defense based on any claim that Guarantor's obligations exceed or are more burdensome
than those of Borrower; and

(d) the benefit of any statute of limitations affecting Guarantor's liability hereunder.

No provision or waiver in this Guaranty shall be construed as limiting the generality of any other
waiver contained in this Guaranty.

7. Waiver of Subrogation. Until the Indebtedness has been paid in full and any commitments of
Lender or facilities provided by Lender with respect to the Indebtedness have been terminated,
even though the Indebtedness may be in excess of Guarantor's liability hereunder, Guarantor
waives to the extent permitted by applicable law any right of subrogation, reimbursement,
indemnification, and contribution (contractual, statutory, or otherwise) including, without
limitation, any claim or right of subrogation under the Bankruptcy Code (Title 11, United States
Code) or any successor statute, arising from the existence or performance of this Guaranty, and
Guarantor waives to the extent permitted by applicable law any right to enforce any remedy that
Lender now has or may hereafter have against Borrower, and waives any benefit of, and any right
to participate in, any security now or hereafter held by Lender.

8. Waiver of Notices. Guarantor waives all presentments, demands for performance, notices of
nonperformance, protests, notices of protest, notices of dishonor, notices of intent to accelerate,
notices of acceleration, notices of any suit or any other action against Borrower or any other person,
any other notices to any party liable on any Lender Agreement (including Guarantor), notices of
acceptance of this Guaranty, notices of the existence, creation, or incurring of new or additional
Indebtedness to which this Guaranty applies or any other Indebtedness of Borrower to Lender, and
notices of any fact that might increase Guarantor’s risk.

9, Subordination. Any obligations of Borrower to Guarantor, now or hereafter existing, including
but not limited to any obligations to Guarantor as subrogee of Lender or resulting from Guarantor's
performance under this Guaranty, are hereby subordinated to the Indebtedness. In addition to
Guarantor's waiver of any right of subrogation as set forth in this Guaranty with respect to any
obligations of Borrower to Guarantor as subrogee of Lender, Guarantor agrees that, if Lender so
requests, Guarantor shall not demand, take, or receive from Borrower, by setoff or in any other
manner, payment of any other obligations of Borrower to Guarantor until the Indebtedness has
been paid in full and any commitments of Lender or facilities provided by Lender with respect to
the Indebtedness have been terminated. If any payments are received by Guarantor in violation of
such waiver or agreement, such payments shall be received by Guarantor as trustee for Lender and
shall be paid over to Lender on account of the Indebtedness, but without reducing or affecting in
