desirable, provided the same are made in a workmanlike manner and utilizing good quality materials.
Tenant shall have the right to place and install personal property, trade fixtures, equipment and other
temporary installations in and upon the Leased Premises, and fasten the same to the premises. All
personal property, equipment, machinery, trade fixtures and temporary installations placed or installed
on the Leased Premises by Tenant thereafter, shall remain Tenant's property free and clear of any claim
by Landlord. Tenant shall have the right to remove the same at any time during the term of this Lease
provided that Tenant shall repair, at Tenant's expense, all damage to the Leased Premises caused by
such removal. All personal property, trade fixtures, equipment and mechanical systems currently
installed in the premises shall be maintained in good working order by the tenant and remain the
property of the landlord. Upon termination of this lease tenant shall repair, at Tenant's expense, all
damaged personal property, trade fixtures, equipment and mechanical systems currently installed in the
premises.

Landlords responsibilities.

The Landlord shall, at its sole cost and expense, replace the existing oil heating system with a gas
heating system in the warehouses, subject to approval from the gas provider. Until such time as the gas
heating system is operational, the Landlord shall remain responsible for the repairs of the oil heating
system. The Landlord shall also repair and unclog the bathroom stalls within the Premises that are
currently not working to get them operational. Additionally, the Landlord shall replace the two (2)
existing Federal Pacific electrical panels with new panels that are up to electrical code, at the Landlord's
expense.

Insurance.

Tenant shall be responsible to pay landlord for building and liability insurance.

If the Leased Premises or any other part of the Building is damaged by fire or other casualty resulting
from any act of negligence by Tenant or by any of Tenant's agents, employees or invitees, rent shall not
be diminished or abated while such damages are under repair, and Tenant shall be responsible for the
costs of repair not covered by insurance.

Tenant shall maintain fire and extended coverage insurance on the Building and the Leased Premises in
such amount as Landlord shall deem appropriate. Tenant shall be responsible, at its expense, for fire and
extended coverage insurance on all of its personal property, including removable trade fixtures, located
in the Leased Premises.

Tenant shall maintain a policy or policies of comprehensive general liability insurance with respect to the
particular activities of each in the Building with the premiums thereon fully paid on or before due date.
Such insurance policy shall be issued by and binding upon an insurance company approved by Landlord,
and shall afford minimum protection of not less than $2,000,000 combined single limit coverage of
bodily injury, property damage or combination thereof. Tenant shall provide Landlord with current
Certificates of Insurance evidencing Tenant's compliance with this Paragraph.

Property Taxes.

Tenant shall pay, prior to delinquency, all general real estate taxes and installments of special
assessments coming due during the Lease term on the Leased Premises, and all personal property taxes
with respect to Landlord's personal property, if any, on the Leased Premises. Tenant shall be responsible
for paying all personal property taxes with respect to Tenant's personal property at the Leases Premises.
Tenant shall reimburse Landlord for taxes paid by landlord and shall pay Landlord on a monthly basis the
prorated amount per month along with the base rent.

Utilities.
