2. Defined Terms. For purposes of this Agreement, the terms used in this Agreement as
defined terms which are not herein defined shall have the meaning ascribed to such terms in
the Lease.

3. Assignment. The Assignor assigns, transfers and sets over unto the Assignee all of the
Assignor’s right, title and interest in and to the Lease, including, without limitation, any and
all of the Assignor’s right, title and interest in and to the Security Deposit referenced in the
Lease and the Assignor releases any and all claims to the Security Deposit. The Security
Deposit shall be maintained pursuant to the provisions of the Lease.

4, Assumption and Waiver . The Assignee assumes the obligations of the Assignor for the
full and punctual payment and performance of all of the terms, conditions and covenants of
the Lease on the Assignor's part as tenant thereunder to be paid and performed, including,
but not limited to, the payment of Base Rent, Additional Rent and any other charges or sums
required of the tenant to be paid under the Lease. The Assignee assumes all obligations to
pay past due rent and other amounts owed and accruing under the Lease whenever arising,
accruing or due, including all amounts accrued, due or owing prior to the date of this
Agreement and Landlord waives and releases any and all claims against Assignor.

5. Consent to Assignment. Subject to the terms, covenants and conditions of this
Agreement, the Landlord consents to the assignment by the Assignor to the Assignee of all
of the Assignor’s right, title and interest in and to the Lease. The Landlord’s consent may
not be assigned.

6. Condition of Premises. No representations or warranties have been made by the Landlord
to the Assignee regarding the condition of the Demised Premises. The Assignee represents,
warrants and acknowledges that the Assignee is not relying upon any representation or
warranty by the Landlord in entering into this Agreement.

7. Lease in Full Force. Except as expressly provided in this Agreement, all of the terms,
conditions and covenants of the Lease shall remain in full force and effect and nothing in
this Agreement shall be deemed to: (a) modify, waive or affect any of the terms, conditions
or covenants of the Lease; (b) waive any breach of the Lease; (c) waive any of the Landlord's
rights against any one liable for performance under the Lease; or (d) enlarge Landlord's
obligations under the Lease.

8. Defaults or Claims. The Landlord has alleged that Assignee is in default of the Lease and
commenced the Eviction Action. Assignor asserts certain defenses and claims against the
Landlord, including without limitation, rent abatement as a result of a previous fire. This
Assignment shall not effect or waive any of the parties’ rights, obligations, liabilities, claims,
or defenses in the Eviction Action or under the Lease, except to assign from Assignor to
Assignee all such rights, obligations, liabilities, claims or defenses and to relieve Assignor
from any liability or claims arising from or related to the Lease.
