any obligation, commitment, restriction or Liability of any kind, which would impair or adversely
affect such resources and capabilities.

ARTICLE 5
CONVENANTS OF THE PARTIES

5.1 Expenses. Except to the extent otherwise specifically and expressly provided in this
Agreement or in the Sale Order, whether or not the Transactions are consummated, all costs and
expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement and the Transactions shall be borne by the
Party incurring such costs and expenses.

5.2 Tax Matters.

(a) Any sales, use, goods and services, harmonized sales, property transfer or gains,
documentary, stamp, registration, recording, value added, or similar Tax payable in
connection with the sale or transfer of the Purchased Assets and the assumption of the
Assumed Liabilities (“Transfer Taxes”) shall be borne and paid by the Seller.

(b) The Seller and the Buyer agree to furnish or cause to be furnished to each other,
upon request, as promptly as practicable, such information and assistance as is reasonably
necessary for the filing of tax returns, the making of any election relating to taxes, the
preparation for any audit or other proceeding by Governmental Authority and the
prosecution or defense of any claim, suit or other proceeding relating to any tax.

5.3. Transfer of Purchased Assets, The Buyer will make all necessary arrangements for the
Buyer to take possession of the Purchased Assets, and, at the Buyer’s expense, to transfer the same
to a location owned or operated by the Buyer, to the extent necessary, as promptly as practicable
following the Closing, and the Seller shall fully cooperate with all such efforts, and shall promptly
transfer on the Closing Date all Purchased Assets that may be delivered by electronic means.

5.4 Purchased Assets “AS IS;” Certain Acknowledgements.

(a) | The Buyer agrees, warrants and represents that, except as otherwise expressly
provided in this Agreement (i) the Buyer is purchasing the Purchased Assets on an “AS
IS” and “WITH ALL FAULTS” basis based solely on the Buyer’s own investigation of the
Seller, the Purchased Assets, the Assumed Liabilities, the Excluded Assets, the Excluded
Liabilities and the Business, and (ii) neither the Seller nor any of the Seller’s
Representatives has made, and the Buyer has not relied on, any warranties, representations
or guarantees, express, implied or statutory, written or oral, respecting the Seller, the
Purchased Assets, the Assumed Liabilities, the Excluded Assets, the Excluded Liabilities
or the Business, the financial performance of the Seller, the Purchased Assets, the Assumed
Liabilities, the Excluded Assets, the Excluded Liabilities or the Business, or the physical
condition of the Purchased Assets except that Seller warrants the machinery on Schedule
1 is in working order. The Buyer further acknowledges that the consideration for the
Purchased Assets specified in this Agreement has been agreed upon by the Seller and the
Buyer after good-faith arms-length negotiation in light of the Buyer’s agreement to
purchase the Purchased Assets “AS IS” and “WITH ALL FAULTS.” The Buyer agrees,
