beyond the reasonable control of Landlord. Tenant shall be relieved from paying rent and other charges
during any portion of the Lease term that the Leased Premises are inoperable or unfit for occupancy, or
use, in whole or in part, for Tenant's purposes. Rentals and other charges paid in advance for any such
periods shall be credited on the next ensuing payments, if any, but if no further payments are to be
made, any such advance payments shall be refunded to Tenant. The provisions of this paragraph extend
not only to the matters aforesaid, but also to any occurrence which is beyond Tenant's reasonable
control and which renders the Leased Premises, or any appurtenance thereto, inoperable or unfit for
occupancy or use, in whole or in part, for Tenant's purposes.

Default.

In-the event of a default made by Tenant in the payment of rent when due to Landlord, Tenant shall
have fifteen (15) days after receipt of written notice thereof to cure such default. In the event of a
default made by Tenant in any of the other covenants or conditions to be kept, observed and performed
by Tenant, Tenant shall have thirty (30) days after receipt of written notice thereof to cure such default.
In the event that the Tenant shall fail to cure any default within the time allowed under this paragraph,
Landlord may declare the term of this Lease ended and terminated by giving Tenant written notice of
such intention, and if possession of the Leased Premises is not surrendered, Landlord may reenter said
premises. Landlord shall have, in addition to the remedy above provided, any other right or remedy
available to Landlord on account of any Tenant default, either in law or equity. Landlord shall use
reasonable efforts to mitigate its damages.

Quiet Possession.

Landlord covenants and warrants that upon performance by Tenant of its obligations hereunder,
Landlord will keep and maintain Tenant in exclusive, quiet, peaceable and undisturbed and
uninterrupted possession of the Leased Premises during the term of this Lease. This excludes any
interruptions beyond the Landlord’s control.

Condemnation.

If any legally, constituted authority condemns the Building or such part thereof which shall make the
Leased Premises unsuitable for leasing, this Lease shall cease when the public authority takes
possession, and Landlord and Tenant shall account for rental as of that date. Such termination shall be
without prejudice to the rights of either party to recover compensation from the condemning authority
for any loss or damage caused by the condemnation. Neither party shall have any rights in or to any
award made to the other by the condemning authority.

Subordination.

Tenant accepts this Lease subject and subordinate to any mortgage, deed of trust or other lien presently
existing or hereafter arising upon the Leased Premises, or upon the Building and to any renewals,
refinancing and extensions thereof, but Tenant agrees that any such mortgagee shall have the right at
any time to subordinate such mortgage, deed of trust or other lien to this Lease on such terms and
subject to such conditions as such mortgagee may deem appropriate in its discretion. Landlord is hereby
irrevocably vested with full power and authority to subordinate this Lease to any mortgage, deed of
trust or other lien now existing or hereafter placed upon the Leased Premises of the Building. Tenant
agrees that it will from time to time upon request by Landlord execute and deliver to such persons as
Landlord shall request a statement in recordable form certifying that this Lease is unmodified and in full
force and effect (or if there have been modifications, that the same is in full force and effect as so
modified), stating the dates to which rent and other charges payable under this Lease have been paid,
