delivered in person. No party hereto or to any such agreement or instrument shall raise the use of
a facsimile machine or electronic mail to deliver a signature or the fact that any signature or
agreement or instrument was transmitted or communicated through the use of a facsimile machine
or electronic mail or that any signature is in facsimile or electronic format (including .pdf or
DocuSign) as a defense to the formation or enforceability of a contract and each such party forever
waives any such defense.

7.8 Incorporation of Schedules and Exhibits. All Schedules and all Exhibits attached hereto
and referred to herein are hereby incorporated herein by reference and made a part of this
Agreement for all purposes as if fully set forth herein.

7.9 Entire Agreement. This Agreement (including all Schedules and all Exhibits), the
Confidentiality Agreement and the other Transaction Documents constitute the entire agreement
among the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior agreements and
understandings among the Parties with respect thereto.

7.10 Specific Performance. Each party agrees that irreparable damage may occur in the event
that any provision of this Agreement is not performed in accordance with its specific terms or was
otherwise breached and that monetary damages may not be an adequate remedy for any breach or
threatened breach of any of the provisions of this Agreement. It is accordingly agreed that, (i) each
party shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this Agreement by the
other and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions of this Agreement, and any such
injunction shall be in addition to any other remedy to which such party is entitled, at law or in
equity, (ii) each party waives any requirement for the securing or posting of any bond in connection
with the obtaining of any specific performance or injunctive relief and (iii) each party will waive,
in any action for specific performance, the defense of adequacy of a remedy at Law. No party’s
pursuit of specific performance at any time will be deemed an election of remedies or waiver of
the right to pursue any other right or remedy to which such party may be entitled, including the
right to pursue remedies for liabilities or damages incurred or suffered by such party in the case of
a breach of this Agreement.

7.11 Bulk Sales or Transfer Laws. The Buyer hereby waives compliance by the Seller with
the provisions of the bulk sales or transfer Laws of all applicable jurisdictions.

7.12 Mutual Drafting; Headings; Information Made Available. The Parties participated
jointly in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement and the language used in this Agreement
shall be deemed to be the language chosen by the Parties to express their mutual intent. If an
ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation arises, then this Agreement will accordingly be
construed as drafted jointly by the Parties, and no presumption or burden of proof will arise
favoring or disfavoring any Party by virtue of the authorship of any of the provisions of this
Agreement. The descriptive headings and table of contents contained in this Agreement are
included for convenience of reference only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or
interpretation of this Agreement. To the extent this Agreement refers to information or documents
to be made available (or delivered or provided) to the Buyer or its Representatives, the Seller shall
be deemed to have satisfied such obligation if the Seller or any of its Representatives has made
such information or document available (or delivered or provided such information or document)

14
