9. Assignee Liable. The Assignee shall be solely liable for the due and punctual payment,
performance and observance of all of the terms, conditions and covenants of the Lease on
the tenant’s part to be performed, including, but not limited to, the payment of Base Rent,
Additional Rent and any other charges or sums required under the Lease of the tenant
whenever arising, accruing or due, including all amounts accrued, due or owing prior to the
date of this Agreement.

10. Limitation of Consent of Landlord. The Landlord's consent to the assignment shall not
be deemed to be a consent to any other assignment of the Lease or any subletting of all or
part of the Premises.

11. Indemnification. The Assignor and the Assignee shall jointly and severally indemnify,
defend and save the Landlord harmless from and against any claims, suits, or damages
(including, without limitation, reasonable attorney's fees) which may be asserted against the
Landlord for brokerage commissions and/or similar commissions or fees in connection with
this Agreement or otherwise in connection with the assignment.

12. Governing Law. This Agreement shall be governed by the laws of the State of New
Jersey. The parties acknowledge that this Agreement has been executed and delivered, and
is intended to be performed in the State of New Jersey, and the parties submit to the
jurisdiction of the courts of the State of New Jersey.

13. Entire Agreement. This Agreement and the Lease constitute the entire agreement
between the parties. No change, addition or modification to this Agreement shall be effective
unless signed in writing by the parties.

14. Miscellaneous. In all references in this Agreement to any parties, persons, entities or
corporations, the use of any particular gender or the plural or singular number is intended to
include the appropriate gender or number as the text of this Agreement may require.

15. Binding Effect. This Agreement shall be binding upon and inure to the benefit of the
parties, their heirs, executors, administrators, personal or legal representatives, successors
and permitted assigns, as the case may be.

16. Counterparts. This Agreement may be signed in one or more counterparts, each of
which shall be deemed an original.

17. Legal Fees. Each of the parties shall be responsible for their own legal and other
professional fees incurred in connection this Agreement.

18. Authority. The parties signing this Agreement individually represent and warrant that
they have the authority to sign this Agreement on behalf of the party for whom they are
executing this Agreement and to bind such party to this Agreement.

** signatures follow**
