for those licenses or qualifications the absence of which would not prevent or materially delay the
consummation of the Transactions.

4.2 Authority Relative to this Agreement. The Buyer has all necessary power and authority
to execute and deliver this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is party,
to perform and comply with each of its obligations hereunder and thereunder and to consummate
the Transactions. The execution and delivery by the Buyer of this Agreement and the other
Transaction Documents to which it is party, the performance and compliance by the Buyer with
each of its obligations herein and therein and the consummation by the Buyer of the Transactions
have been duly and validly authorized and approved by all necessary corporate or other action on
the part of the Buyer and no other corporate or other proceedings on the part of the Buyer and no
stockholder votes are necessary to authorize this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents to
which it is party or the performance or consummation by the Buyer of the Transactions. The Buyer
has duly and validly executed and delivered this Agreement, and the other Transaction Documents
to which it is party will be duly executed and delivered by the Buyer and, assuming the due and
valid authorization, approval, execution and delivery by the Seller of this Agreement and the other
Transaction Documents, this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which the Buyer
is party constitutes or will constitute the Buyer’s legal, valid and binding obligation, enforceable
against the Buyer in accordance with its terms

4.3. No Violation. The authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement or the other
Transaction Documents by the Buyer do not and will not, and the performance by the Buyer of
this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is party will not, with or without
notice, lapse of time or both, (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the organizational
documents of the Buyer, or (ii) conflict with or violate any Law or Order applicable to the Buyer,
or by which any property or asset of the Buyer is bound or affected.

4.4 Buyer Brokers. The Buyer has not used any investment banker, broker, finder or similar
agent in connection with the Transactions, and no Person is entitled to any investment banker,
brokerage, financial advisory, finder’s or other similar fee or commission payable by the Buyer or
any of its Affiliates in connection with the Transactions. Any such fees shall be paid in full by the
Buyer.

4.5 Solvency. Immediately after giving effect to the Transactions, the Buyer shall be solvent
and shall: (a) be able to pay its debts as they become due; (b) own property that has a fair saleable
value greater than the amounts required to pay its debt (including a reasonable estimate of the
amount of all contingent liabilities); and (c) have adequate capital to carry on its business. No
transfer of property is being made and no obligation is being incurred in connection with the
Transactions with the intent to hinder, delay or defraud either present or future creditors of the
Buyer or the Seller. In connection with the Transactions, the Buyer has not incurred, nor plans to
incur, debts beyond its ability to pay as they become absolute and matured.

4.6 Financial Capability. The Buyer (a) has as of the date hereof, and on the Closing Date
will have, sufficient funds available to pay the Purchase Price, including the Assumed Liabilities,
and any expenses incurred by the Buyer in connection with the Transactions, (b) has as of the date
hereof, and on the Closing Date will have, the resources and capabilities (financial or otherwise)
to perform its obligations hereunder and the other Transaction Documents, and (c) has not incurred
