given shall be deemed to be receipt of the notice as of the date of such rejection, refusal or inability
to deliver.

7.4 Severability. If any term or other provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal or
incapable of being enforced by any rule of Law or public policy, all other terms, conditions and
provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as the
economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated hereby is not affected in any manner
materially adverse to any Party. Upon a determination that any term or other provision of this
Agreement is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the Parties shall negotiate in good
faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the Parties as closely as possible
in a mutually acceptable manner in order that the transactions contemplated hereby be
consummated as originally contemplated to the fullest extent possible.

7.5 Governing Law. This Agreement, and all claims and causes of action arising out of, based
upon, or related to this Agreement or the negotiation, execution or performance hereof, shall be
governed by, and construed, interpreted and enforced in accordance with, the Laws of the State of
New. Jersey, without regard to choice or conflict of law principles that would result in the
application of any Laws other than the Laws of the State of New Jersey.

7.6 Submission to Jurisdiction. Any action, claim, suit or Proceeding arising out of, based
upon or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby shall be brought solely
in the courts of New Jersey. Each Party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive jurisdiction
of the courts of New Jersey in respect of any action, claim, suit or Proceeding arising out of, based
upon or relating to this Agreement or any of the rights and obligations arising hereunder, and
agrees that it will not bring any action arising out of, based upon or related thereto in any other
court. Each Party hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert as a defense, counterclaim
or otherwise, in any such action, claim, suit or Proceeding, (a) any claim that it is not personally
subject to the jurisdiction of the above named courts for any reason other than the failure to serve
process, (b) any claim that it or its property is exempt or immune from jurisdiction of any such
court or from any legal process commenced in such courts (whether through service of notice,
attachment prior to judgment, attachment in aid of execution of judgment, execution of judgment
or otherwise) and (c) to the fullest extent permitted by applicable Law, any claim that (i) the suit,
action or Proceeding in such court is brought in an inconvenient forum, (ii) the venue of such suit,
action or Proceeding is improper or (iii) this Agreement or any other agreement or instrument
contemplated hereby or entered into in connection herewith, or the subject matter hereof or thereof,
may not be enforced in or by such courts. Each Party agrees that notice or the service of process
in any action, claim, suit or Proceeding arising out of, based upon or relating to this Agreement or
any of the rights and obligations arising hereunder or thereunder, shall be properly served or
delivered if delivered in the manner contemplated by Article 7.

77 Counterparts. This Agreement, the agreements referred to herein, and each other
agreement or instrument entered into in connection herewith or therewith or contemplated hereby
or thereby, and any amendments hereto or thereto, to the extent signed and delivered by means of
a photographic, photostatic, facsimile, portable document format (.pdf), DocuSign, electronic
signature or similar reproduction of such signed writing using a facsimile machine or electronic
mail shall be treated in all manner and respects as an original agreement or instrument and shall
be considered to have the same binding legal effect as if it were the original signed version thereof

13
