arbitration panel or any other Person (each a “Proceeding”) against or affecting the Seller, and as
of the date hereof, no Person has commenced or, to the knowledge of the Seller, threatened in
writing to commence any Proceeding (a) that relates to and would reasonably be expected to
materially and adversely affect any of the Purchased Assets, or (b) that would reasonably be
expected to have the effect of preventing, materially delaying, making illegal or otherwise
materially interfering with any of the transactions contemplated by this Agreement.

3.4 Taxes. All material Tax Returns relating to the Business or the Purchased Assets that are
required by applicable Law to be filed by or with respect to Seller have been timely filed (taking
into account any extension of time within which to file), and all such Tax Returns are true,
complete, and accurate in all material respects. The Seller has timely paid all material Taxes
relating to the Business or the Purchased Assets due and owing by it, including any material Taxes
required to be withheld from amounts owing to, or collected from, any employee, creditor, or other
third party. There are no audits, examinations, investigations or other proceedings ongoing or
pending against or with respect to the Seller with respect to any material Taxes relating to the
Business or the Purchased Assets and no written notification has been received by the Seller that
such an audit, examination, investigation or other proceeding has been proposed. There are no
encumbrances for material Taxes relating to the Business or the Purchased Assets upon any
property or assets of the Seller, except for Permitted Encumbrances.

3.3. Title to Assets; Real Property.

(a) The Seller has good and valid title to, or has good and valid leasehold interests in,
all tangible personal property that is included in the Business, including the
Purchased Assets (other than the Excluded Assets), free and clear of all
Encumbrances other than Permitted Encumbrances.

(b) The machinery listed on Schedule 1 will be in good working order.
(c) The Seller does not own any real property.

3.4 Seller Brokers. The Seller has not used any investment banker, broker, finder or similar
agent in connection with the Transactions, and no Person is entitled to any investment banker,
brokerage, financial advisory, finder’s or other similar fee or commission payable by the Seller in
connection with the Transactions.

ARTICLE 4
REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE BUYER

The Buyer hereby represents and warrants to the Seller as follows:

4.1 Organization and Good Standing. The Buyer is a limited liability company duly
organized, validly existing and, to the extent applicable, in good standing (or its equivalent) under
the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization and has the requisite corporate power and
authority to own or lease all of its properties and assets and to carry on its business as it is being
conducted on the date hereof. The Buyer is duly licensed or qualified to do business in each
jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted by it or the character or location of the
properties and assets owned or leased by it makes such licensing or qualification necessary, except
