contingent liabilities, arising or accruing prior the Closing listed on Schedule 2 annexed hereto
and made a part hereof, except for Excluded Liabilities (defined infra).

1.4 Excluded Liabilities. The Buyer shall not assume or be obligated to pay, perform or
otherwise discharge or in any other manner be liable or responsible for any liabilities listed on
Schedule 3 annexed hereto and made a part hereof (the “Excluded Liabilities”).

1.5 Purchase Price. The consideration for the sale and transfer of the Purchased Assets from
the Seller to the Buyer shall be: (i) one hundred thirty five thousand dollars ($135,000.00) (the
“Cash Purchase Price”) and (ii) the assumption of the Assumed Liabilities (collectively, the
“Purchase Price”).

1.6 Payment. On the Closing Date, the Buyer shall pay to the Seller or its designee(s), by wire
transfer of immediately available funds to an account designated by the Seller prior to the Closing,
an amount or amounts in cash equal, forty seven thousand four dollars ($47,004.00) (the “Initial
Payment”).

(a) The balance of the Cash Purchase Price in the amount of eighty seven thousand
nine hundred ninety six dollars ($87,996.00) shall be payable in twelve equal monthly installments
in the amount of seven thousand three hundred thirty three dollars ($7,333.00) with the first
installment due thirty days from the Closing Date and each installment due thirty days thereafter.

(b) Payment of the balance of the Cash Purchase Price shall be evidenced by a
promissory note executed at closing and attached hereto as Exhibit A (the “Note”) and secured by
personal guarantees of the principals of YBK Arnold LLC, Kalman Kamionka, Benjamin Tyberg,
Israel Kamionka, executed at closing in form attached hereto as Exhibit B (the “Personal
Guaranties”).

1.7 Allocation of Purchase Price. The Seller shall, not later than sixty (60) days after the
Closing Date, prepare and deliver to the Buyer an allocation of the Purchase Price (and the
Assumed Liabilities and other relevant items, to the extent properly taken into account for Tax
purposes) among the Purchased Assets (the “Allocation”) in accordance with Section 1060 of the
Code, the Treasury Regulations thereunder and other applicable Law for the Buyer’s review and
approval (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed). The Allocation
shall be conclusive and binding on the Parties unless the Buyer notifies the Seller in writing that
the Buyer objects to one or more items reflected in the Allocation, and specify the reasonable basis
for such objection, within ten (10) days after delivery to the Buyer of the Allocation. In the case
of such an objection, the Seller and the Buyer shall negotiate in good faith to resolve any disputed
items. Any resolution by the Seller and the Buyer shall be conclusive and binding on the parties
once set forth in writing (any such conclusive and binding Allocation, the “Final Allocation”). If
the Seller and the Buyer are unable to resolve all disputed items within fifteen (15) days after the
delivery of the Buyer’s written objection to the Seller, the Buyer and the Seller shall jointly retain
a mutually agreed independent accounting firm (the “Accounting Firm”) (which may in turn select
an appraiser, if needed) to resolve any disputed item(s). The costs, fees and expenses of the
Accounting Firm shall be borne one-half by the Buyer and one-half by the Seller. The Accounting
Firm shall resolve any such dispute within thirty (30) days after the retention, and the Final
Allocation shall be adjusted to reflect any such resolution of any disputed item(s). The Parties
