18. Change of Status. Any Guarantor that is a business entity shall not enter into any
consolidation, merger, or other combination unless Guarantor is the surviving business entity.
Further, Guarantor shall not change its legal structure unless (a) Guarantor obtains the prior written
consent of Lender and (b) all Guarantor's obligations under this Guaranty are assumed by the new
business entity.

19. Remedies. If Guarantor fails to fulfill its duty to pay all Indebtedness guaranteed hereunder,
Lender shall have all of the remedies of a creditor and, of a secured party, under all applicable law.
Without limiting the foregoing to the extent permitted by law, Lender may, at its option and
without notice or demand:

(a) declare any Indebtedness due and payable at once;

(b) take possession of any collateral pledged by Borrower or Guarantor, wherever located, and
sell, resell, assign, transfer, and deliver all or any part of the collateral at any public or private sale
or otherwise dispose of any or all of the collateral in its then condition, for cash or on credit or for
future delivery, and in connection therewith Lender may impose reasonable conditions upon any
such sale, Further, Lender, unless prohibited by law the provisions of which cannot be waived,
may purchase all or any part of the collateral to be sold, free from and discharged of all trusts,
claims, rights of redemption and equities of Borrower or Guarantor whatsoever. Guarantor
acknowledges and agrees that the sale of any collateral through any nationally recognized broker-
dealer, investment banker, or any other method common in the securities industry shall be deemed
a commercially reasonable sale under the Uniform Commercial Code or any other equivalent
statute or federal law, and expressly waives notice thereof except as provided herein;

(c) set off against any or all liabilities of Guarantor all money owed by Lender or any of its agents
or affiliates in any capacity to Guarantor, whether or not due, and also set off against all other
liabilities of Guarantor to Lender all money owed by Lender in any capacity to Guarantor. If
exercised by Lender, Lender shall be deemed to have exercised such right of setoff and to have
made a charge against any such money immediately upon the occurrence of such default although
made or entered on the books subsequent thereto; and

(d) exercise any and all rights, powers and remedies available under any instruments or agreements
required by or executed in connection with this Guaranty and or any Indebtedness, as well as all
rights and remedies available at law or in equity.

20. Notices. Unless otherwise provided in this Guaranty, all notices required under this Guaranty
shall be: (i) personally delivered or sent by first class mail, postage prepaid, or by overnight
courier, and (ii) by electronic mail, to the addresses below, or to such other addresses as the Lender
and the Guarantor may specify from time to time in writing. Notices and other communications
shall be effective (i) if mailed, upon the earlier of receipt or five (5) days after deposit in the U.S.
mail, first class, postage prepaid, or (ii) if hand-delivered, by courier or otherwise, when delivered.

Address where notices are to be sent:
