Ashford — Schael LLC
100 Quimby Street, Suite 1
Westfield, NJ. 07090

Email: cschael@ashfordnjlaw.com
-AND-

Benjamin Kolax

8 Upper Brook Lane
Hillsdale, NJ 07642
Ben@arnoldcontract.us

If to the Guarantor, to:

Kalman Kamionka
5520 15th Avenue, Apt. 4A
Brooklyn NY 11219

21. Successors and Assigns. This Guaranty (a) binds Guarantor and Guarantor's executors,
administrators, successors, and assigns, provided that Guarantor may not assign its rights or
obligations under this Guaranty without the prior written consent of Lender, and (b) inures to the
benefit of Lender and Lender's indorsees, successors, assigns and heirs. Lender may, without
notice to Guarantor and without affecting Guarantor's obligations hereunder; sell, assign, grant
participations in, or otherwise transfer to any other person, firm, or corporation the Indebtedness
and this Guaranty, in whole or in part.

22. Amendments, Waivers, and Severability. No provision of this Guaranty may be amended or
waived except in writing. No failure by Lender to exercise, and no delay in exercising, any of its
rights, remedies, or powers shall operate as a waiver thereof, and no single or partial exercise of
any such right, remedy, or power shall preclude any other or further exercise thereof or the exercise
of any other right, remedy, or power. The unenforceability or invalidity of any provision of this
Guaranty shall not affect the enforceability or validity of any other provision of this Guaranty.

23. Costs and Expenses. Guarantor agrees to pay all reasonable attorneys' fees and all other costs
and expenses that may be incurred by Lender (a) in the enforcement of this Guaranty or (b) in the
preservation, protection, or enforcement of any rights of Lender in any case commenced by or
against Guarantor or Borrower under the Bankruptcy Code (Title 11, United States Code) or any
similar or successor statute.

24. Governing Law and Jurisdiction. This Guaranty shall be governed by and construed and
enforced in accordance with the law of the State of New Jersey. To the extent that Lender has
greater rights or remedies under federal law, whether as a national bank or otherwise, this
paragraph shall not be deemed to deprive Lender of such rights and remedies as may be available
under federal law. Jurisdiction and venue for any action or proceeding to enforce this Guaranty
shall be the forum appropriate for such action or proceeding against Borrower, to which
