stating that Landlord is not in default hereunder (or if Tenant alleges a default stating the nature of such
alleged default) and further stating such other matters as Landlord shall reasonably require.

Performance of Security Deposit.

Landlord shall hold the Security Deposit without liability for interest and as security for the performance
by Tenant of Tenant's covenants and obligations under this Lease, it being expressly understood that
Tenant shall not consider the Security Deposit an advance payment of rent or a measure of Landlord's
damages in case of default. Unless otherwise provided by law or regulation, Landlord may commingle
the Security Deposit with Landlord's other funds. Landlord may, from time to time, without prejudice to
any other remedy, use the Security Deposit to the extent necessary to make good any arrearages of rent
or to satisfy any other covenant or obligation of Tenant hereunder. Following any such application of the
Security Deposit, Tenant shall pay to Landlord on demand the amount so applied in order to restore the
Security Deposit to its original amount. If Tenant is not in default at the termination of this Lease,
Landlord shall return the balance of the Security Deposit remaining after any such application to Tenant.

Notice.
Any notice required or permitted under this Lease shall be deemed sufficiently given or served if sent by
United States certified mail, return receipt requested, addressed as follows:

Landlord: YB Coit LLC
909-46 Brooklyn NY 11219

Or
5308 -13 Avenue, PO Box 602, Brooklyn, NY, 11219

Tenant: Arnold Kolax Furniture
130 Coit St, Irvington, NJ 07111

Landlord and Tenant shall each have the right from time to time to change the place notice is to be
given under this paragraph by written notice thereof to the other party.

Waiver.

No waiver of any default of Landlord or Tenant hereunder shall be implied from any omission to take
any action on account of such default if such default persists or is repeated, and no express waiver shall
affect any default other than the default specified in the express waiver and that only for the time and
to the extent therein stated. One or more waivers by Landlord or Tenant shall not be construed as a
waiver of a subsequent breach of the same covenant, term or condition.

Headings.

The headings used in this Lease are for convenience of the parties only and shall not be considered in
interpreting the meaning of any provision of this Lease.

Successors.

The provisions of this Lease shall extend to and be binding upon Landlord and Tenant and their
respective legal representatives, successors and assigns.

Consent.
