PROMISSORY NOTE
$87,996.00 March 6, 2026

THIS PROMISSORY NOTE (this “Note”) is executed and delivered under and pursuant to the
terms of that certain asset purchase agreement dated as of March 6, 2026 (the “Asset Purchase
Agreement”) by and between YBK Arnold LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company
(“Borrower”) and Arnold Kolax Furniture, Inc., a New Jersey corporation (“Lender”). Capitalized
terms not otherwise defined herein shall have the meanings provided in the Loan Agreement.

FOR VALUE RECEIVED, Borrower hereby promises to pay to the order of Lender the principal
sum of eighty seven thousand nine hundred ninety six dollars ($87,996.00). Borrower shall make
twelve monthly installments beginning on April 6, 2026 and every thirty days thereafter in the
amount of seven thousand three hundred thirty three dollars ($7,333.00), consisting of principal
only. Notwithstanding anything contained herein to the contrary, all principal and interest
hereunder shall be due and payable on the earlier of (i) March 6, 2027 or (ii) such date as same
may become due and payable as a result of acceleration upon the occurrence of an Event of Default.

1, Interest. Interest shall accrue only in the Event of a Default on the then outstanding principal
balance at an annual rate of fifteen percent (15%).

2. Security. This Note is the “Note” referred to in the Asset Purchase Agreement and is secured,
inter alia, by the personal guarantees of the principals of Lender and is entitled to the benefits of
the Asset Purchase Agreement, the Personal Guarantees and other documents and is subject to all
of the agreements, terms and conditions therein contained.

3, Prepayment. This Note may be voluntarily prepaid, in whole or in part.

4, Events of Default and Acceleration. In the case of the happening and during the continuance of
any of the following events (herein called "Events of Default"):

(a) The Borrower shall fail to pay any amount owing hereunder when due subject to a seven
(7) day cure period; or

(b) The Borrower shall commence any case, proceeding or other action seeking to have an
order for relief entered on its behalf as debtor or to adjudicate it a bankrupt or insolvent, or
seeking reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, liquidation, dissolution or composition
of it or its debts under any law relating to bankruptcy, insolvency, reorganization or relief
of debtors or seeking appointment of a receiver, trustee, custodian or other similar official
for it or for all or any substantial part of its property or shall file an answer or other pleading
in any such case, proceeding or other action admitting the material allegations of any
petition, complaint or similar pleading filed against it or consenting to the relief sought
therein; or

(c) any involuntary case, proceeding or other action against the Borrower shall be
commenced seeking to have an order for relief entered against it as debtor or to adjudicate
it a bankrupt or insolvent, or seeking reorganization, arrangement, adjustment, liquidation,
dissolution or composition of it or its debts under any law relating to bankruptcy,
insolvency, reorganization or relief of debtors, or seeking appointment of a receiver,
trustee, custodian or other similar official for it or for all or any substantial part of its
property, and such case, proceeding or other action (i) results in the entry of any order for
relief against it or (ii) shall remain undismissed for a period of thirty (30) days;
