                             ASSET PURCHASE AGREEMENT

        This Asset Purchase Agreement (as amended, modified or supplemented from time to
time, this “Agreement”) is made and entered into as of March 1, 2026, by and between ABC Coit
Furniture LLC, a New Jersey limited liability company with its registered office at 120 Coit
Street, Irvington, NJ 07111 (the “Buyer”), and Arnold Reception Desks Inc, a New Jersey
limited liability company with its principal place of business at 120 Coit Street, Irvington, NJ
07111 (the “Seller” and collectively with Buyer, the “Parties”).

                                          RECITALS

      WHEREAS, Arnold Reception Desks Inc (“ARD”) is in the business of manufacturing
custom made furniture (the “Business”);

        WHEREAS, the Seller is affiliated with Arnold Kolax Furniture, Inc., which is involved
in certain disputes relating to leased premises; and

       WHEREAS, the transactions contemplated herein are being entered into in connection
with the overall restructuring of such affiliated businesses;

        WHEREAS, subject to the terms and conditions contained herein, the Buyer shall
purchase and acquire from the Seller, the Purchased Assets (defined infra), and the Buyer shall
assume from the Seller the Assumed Liabilities (defined infra), all as more specifically provided
herein (the “Transactions”).

        NOW, THEREFORE, in consideration of the premises and of the mutual covenants and
agreements contained herein and for other good and valuable consideration, the receipt and
sufficiency of which are hereby acknowledged, the Parties, intending to be legally bound, hereby
agree as follows:



                                        ARTICLE 1
                                PURCHASE AND SALE OF ASSETS

1.1    Purchase and Sale of Assets. On the terms and subject to the satisfaction of the conditions
contained in this Agreement, at the Closing, the Seller shall sell, assign, convey, transfer and




                                               1
deliver to the Buyer, and the Buyer shall purchase and acquire from the Seller, all of the Seller’s
right, title and interest, free and clear of all liabilities and encumbrances (other than the Assumed
Liabilities), in and to all of the properties, rights, interests and other tangible and intangible assets of
the Seller to the extent related to the Business (collectively, the “Purchased Assets”); provided,
however, that notwithstanding anything to the contrary herein, the Purchased Assets shall not
include any Excluded Assets. Without limiting the generality of the foregoing, the Purchased Assets
shall include all of the Seller’s right, title and interest in and to the following (except to the extent
listed as, or otherwise constituting, an Excluded Asset):

                    (a) any and all accounts receivable, notes receivable, trade receivables and other
            amounts receivable generated by the Business or owed to the Seller (whether current or
            non-current), together with all security or collateral therefor and any interest or unpaid
            financing charges accrued thereon, including all causes of action pertaining to the
            collection of amounts payable, or that may become payable, to the Seller with respect to
            products sold or services performed on or prior to the Closing Date;

                    (b)     all royalties, advances, prepaid assets, customer deposits, security and
            other deposits, prepayments and other current assets relating to the Business, and any
            other prepaid and deferred items relating to the Business or the Purchased Assets
            (including all prepaid rentals and unbilled charges, fees, deposits, and prepaid balances);

                      (c)    cash and cash equivalents in excess of $5,000.00;

                      (d)    all inventory, materials and work in progress;

                      (f) all machinery and equipment located at 120-130 Coit Street, Irvington, NJ
                      07111 owned by the Seller;

                      (e)    Arnold Reception Desks tradename;

                      (f)    all items of machinery, equipment, supplies, furniture, fixtures, leasehold
                             improvements and other tangible personal property and fixed assets owned by
                             the Seller as of the Closing, primarily related to the Business and reasonably
                             required for the operation of the Business in the U.S. in substantially the same
                             manner operated prior to the Closing;

                      (g)    all goodwill associated with, or relating to, the Business or the Purchased
            Assets;

                    (h)     any credits, allowances, rebates (including any vendor or supplier rebates),
            or rights of setoff (other than against the Seller) arising out of or relating to any of the
            Purchased Assets as of the Closing; and

                    (i)     all claims and causes of action of the Seller against Persons other than the
            Seller (regardless of whether or not such claims and causes of action have been asserted
            by the Seller) and all rights of indemnity, warranty rights, rights of contribution, rights to
            refunds, rights of reimbursement and other rights of recovery, including rights to
            insurance


                                                      2
       proceeds, possessed by the Seller (regardless of whether such rights are currently
       exercisable) to the extent related to the Purchased Assets and the Business, in each case
       excluding (i) any rights, claims or causes of action to the extent relating to any Excluded
       Assets or Excluded Liabilities.

1.2     Excluded Assets. Notwithstanding any provision herein to the contrary, the Purchased
Assets shall not include any of the following assets, properties, rights, or interests of Seller
(collectively, the “Excluded Assets”):

              (a)      any retainers or deposits paid to ARD’s professionals and any rights to
         refunds of excess retainer or deposit payments;

               (b)    cash of $5,000 or less;

              (c)      the Seller’ rights under this Agreement and the other Transaction
         Documents, and all cash and non-cash consideration payable or deliverable to the Seller
         pursuant to the terms and provisions hereof;

               (d)    all rights, claims and causes of action of Seller and all rights of indemnity,
         warranty rights, rights of contribution, rights to refunds or prepayments, rights of
         reimbursement and other rights of recovery, including rights to insurance proceeds, of
         Seller (regardless of whether such rights are currently exercisable), (i) to the extent
         related to any Excluded Asset or Excluded Liability or (ii) not related to the Purchased
         Assets;

                (e)     all Seller’s retirement plans, life insurance, disability insurance and
         employee benefit programs, including health and dental insurance, and Seller’ right,
         title and interest in any assets of or relating thereto;

               (f)    all Tax refunds, overpayments, credits with respect to taxable periods (or
         portions thereof) ending on or prior to the Closing Date;

               (g)    all minute books and other corporate records of Seller; and

               (h)    any other assets to the extent not related to the Business.

1.3      Assumed Liabilities. Subject to the terms and conditions of this Agreement, effective as
of the Closing, the Buyer shall assume and agree to pay, perform and discharge when due those
liabilities of the Seller related to the Business as are expressly set forth on Schedule 1 annexed
hereto and made a part hereof (the “Assumed Liabilities”).




                                                3
1.4     Excluded Liabilities. The Buyer shall not assume or be obligated to pay, perform or
otherwise discharge or in any other manner be liable or responsible for any liabilities of the
Seller other than the Assumed Liabilities, including, without limitation, those liabilities set forth
on Schedule 2 annexed hereto and made a part hereof (the “Excluded Liabilities”).

1.5    Purchase Price. The consideration for the Purchased Assets shall be One Hundred Dollars
($100.00) and the assumption of the Assumed Liabilities.

1.6     Allocation of Purchase Price. The Seller shall, not later than sixty (60) days after the
Closing Date, prepare and deliver to the Buyer an allocation of the Purchase Price (and the
Assumed Liabilities and other relevant items, to the extent properly taken into account for Tax
purposes) among the Purchased Assets (the “Allocation”) in accordance with Section 1060 of the
Code, the Treasury Regulations thereunder and other applicable Law for the Buyer’s review and
approval (such approval not to be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed). The
Allocation shall be conclusive and binding on the Parties unless the Buyer notifies the Seller in
writing that the Buyer objects to one or more items reflected in the Allocation, and specify the
reasonable basis for such objection, within ten (10) days after delivery to the Buyer of the
Allocation. In the case of such an objection, the Seller and the Buyer shall negotiate in good faith
to resolve any disputed items. Any resolution by the Seller and the Buyer shall be conclusive and
binding on the parties once set forth in writing (any such conclusive and binding Allocation, the
“Final Allocation”). If the Seller and the Buyer are unable to resolve all disputed items within
fifteen (15) days after the delivery of the Buyer’s written objection to the Seller, the Buyer and
the Seller shall jointly retain a mutually agreed independent accounting firm (the “Accounting
Firm”) (which may in turn select an appraiser, if needed) to resolve any disputed item(s). The
costs, fees and expenses of the Accounting Firm shall be borne one-half by the Buyer and one-
half by the Seller. The Accounting Firm shall resolve any such dispute within thirty (30) days
after the retention, and the Final Allocation shall be adjusted to reflect any such resolution of any
disputed item(s). The Parties agree to file all Tax Returns (including the filing of IRS Form 8594
with their U.S. federal income Tax Return for the taxable year that includes the date of the
Closing) consistent with, and shall not take any position in connection with Tax matters that is
inconsistent with, the Final Allocation




                                                 4
unless otherwise required by a final determination within the meaning of Section 1313 of the
Code or any corresponding provision of state, local or non-U.S. Law, or as the Buyer or the
Seller (as applicable) determines is necessary to settle a dispute with a Tax authority after
making a good faith effort to defend the Final Allocation. In the event that a Governmental
Authority disputes the Final Allocation, the Party receiving notice of such dispute shall promptly
notify the other Party hereto, and the Seller and the Buyer shall, and shall cause their respective
Affiliates to, use their reasonable best efforts to defend such Final Allocation in any applicable
proceeding.

                                                ARTICLE II
                                                 CLOSING

2.1    Time and Place of the Closing. Upon the terms and subject to the satisfaction or waiver
of the conditions contained in Article 6 of this Agreement, the closing of the sale of the
Purchased Assets and the assumption of the Assumed Liabilities contemplated by this
Agreement (the “Closing”) shall take place at a time and place to be determined by the parties.
The date on which the Closing actually occurs is herein referred to as the “Closing Date.”

2.2     Deliveries by the Seller at Closing. At or prior to the Closing, the Seller shall deliver or
cause to be delivered the following to the Buyer:

            (a)     possession of the Purchased Assets;

            (b)     bill of sale, duly executed by the Seller, in the form annexed hereto as Exhibit
                    A;

            (c)     resolutions of the Seller’s shareholder(s) authorizing the execution and delivery
                    of the Agreement and authorizing the Transactions;

            (d)     such other documents of assignment and transfer as may be reasonably
                    required to vest in Buyer all right, title, and interest of Seller in and to the
                    Purchased Assets.

2.3     Deliveries by the Buyer at Closing. At or prior to the Closing, the Buyer shall deliver or
cause to be delivered the following to the Buyer:

             (a)      bill of sale, duly executed by the Buyer, in the form annexed hereto as
                      Exhibit A;

             (b)      resolutions of the Buyer’s member(s) authorizing the execution and delivery
                      of the Agreement and authorizing the Transactions.

                                    ARTICLE 3
                   REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE SELLER

         The Seller hereby represents and warrants to the Buyer (in the case of any assets or
liabilities of the Seller, solely with respect to the Purchased Assets and Assumed Liabilities) as
follows:

3.1    Organization, Standing and Corporate Power. The Seller is a duly organized New Jersey
                                             5
corporation validly existing and in good standing in the State of New Jersey and has the requisite
corporate power and authority to own or lease all of its properties and assets and to carry on its
business as it is now being conducted. The Seller has all necessary power and authority to
execute and deliver this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is a party,
to perform and comply with each of its obligations hereunder and thereunder and, in accordance
with the terms hereof and thereof, will have all necessary corporate or similar authority to
consummate the Transactions.

3.2     Authority Relative to this Agreement. The execution and delivery by the Seller of this
Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which the Seller is a party, the performance
and compliance by the Seller with each of their obligations herein and therein, and the
consummation by it of the Transactions have been duly and validly authorized and approved by
all necessary corporate or other action on the part of the Seller.

3.3     Due Execution. The Seller has duly and validly executed and delivered this Agreement
and will (as of the Closing) duly and validly execute and deliver the other Transaction
Documents to which it is a party and, assuming the due authorization, execution and delivery by
the Buyer of this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is party, and by
the other parties to the Transaction Documents, this Agreement constitutes and the other
Transaction Documents will constitute (as of the Closing) legal, valid and binding obligations of
Seller, enforceable against Seller in accordance with its terms.




                                               6
3.3     Taxes. All material Tax Returns relating to the Business or the Purchased Assets that are
required by applicable Law to be filed by or with respect to Seller have been timely filed (taking
into account any extension of time within which to file), and all such Tax Returns are true,
complete, and accurate in all material respects. The Seller has timely paid all material Taxes
relating to the Business or the Purchased Assets due and owing by it, including any material
Taxes required to be withheld from amounts owing to, or collected from, any employee, creditor,
or other third party. There are no audits, examinations, investigations or other proceedings
ongoing or pending against or with respect to the Seller with respect to any material Taxes
relating to the Business or the Purchased Assets and no written notification has been received by
the Seller that such an audit, examination, investigation or other proceeding has been proposed.
There are no encumbrances for material Taxes relating to the Business or the Purchased Assets
upon any property or assets of the Seller, except for Permitted Encumbrances.

3.2    Title to Assets; Real Property.

       (a)     The Seller has good and valid title to, or has good and valid leasehold interests in,
               all tangible personal property that is included in the Business, including the
               Purchased Assets (other than the Excluded Assets), free and clear of all
               Encumbrances other than Permitted Encumbrances.

       (b)     The machinery listed will be in good working order.

       (c)     The Seller does not own any real property.

3.3    Seller Brokers. The Seller has not used any investment banker, broker, finder or similar
agent in connection with the Transactions, and no Person is entitled to any investment banker,
brokerage, financial advisory, finder’s or other similar fee or commission payable by the Seller
in connection with the Transactions.

                                 ARTICLE 4
                REPRESENTATIONS AND WARRANTIES OF THE BUYER

The Buyer hereby represents and warrants to the Seller as follows:

4.1    Organization and Good Standing. The Buyer is a limited liability company duly
organized, validly existing and, to the extent applicable, in good standing (or its equivalent)
under the jurisdiction of its incorporation or organization and has the requisite corporate power
and authority to own or lease all of its properties and assets and to carry on its business as it is
being conducted on the date hereof. The Buyer is duly licensed or qualified to do business in
each jurisdiction in which the nature of the business conducted by it or the character or location
of the properties and assets owned or leased by it makes such licensing or qualification
necessary, except for those licenses or qualifications the absence of which would not prevent or
materially delay the consummation of the Transactions.

4.2    Authority Relative to this Agreement. The Buyer has all necessary power and authority to
execute and deliver this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is party, to
perform and comply with each of its obligations hereunder and thereunder and to consummate
the Transactions. The execution and delivery by the Buyer of this Agreement and the other


                                                7
Transaction Documents to which it is party, the performance and compliance by the Buyer with
each of its obligations herein and therein and the consummation by the Buyer of the Transactions
have been duly and validly authorized and approved by all necessary corporate or other action on
the part of the Buyer and no other corporate or other proceedings on the part of the Buyer and no
stockholder votes are necessary to authorize this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents to
which it is party or the performance or consummation by the Buyer of the Transactions. The
Buyer has duly and validly executed and delivered this Agreement, and the other Transaction
Documents to which it is party will be duly executed and delivered by the Buyer and, assuming
the due and valid authorization, approval, execution and delivery by the Seller of this Agreement
and the other Transaction Documents, this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to
which the Buyer is party constitutes or will constitute the Buyer’s legal, valid and binding
obligation, enforceable against the Buyer in accordance with its terms

4.3    No Violation. The authorization, execution and delivery of this Agreement or the other
Transaction Documents by the Buyer do not and will not, and the performance by the Buyer of
this Agreement and the other Transaction Documents to which it is party will not, with or
without notice, lapse of time or both, (i) conflict with or violate any provision of the
organizational documents of the Buyer, or (ii) conflict with or violate any Law or Order
applicable to the Buyer, or by which any property or asset of the Buyer is bound or affected.

4.4    Buyer Brokers. The Buyer has not used any investment banker, broker, finder or similar
agent in connection with the Transactions, and no Person is entitled to any investment banker,
brokerage, financial advisory, finder’s or other similar fee or commission payable by the Buyer
or any of its Affiliates in connection with the Transactions. Any such fees shall be paid in full by
the Buyer.

4.5     Solvency. Immediately after giving effect to the Transactions, the Buyer shall be solvent
and shall: (a) be able to pay its debts as they become due; (b) own property that has a fair
saleable value greater than the amounts required to pay its debt (including a reasonable estimate
of the amount of all contingent liabilities); and (c) have adequate capital to carry on its business.
No transfer of property is being made and no obligation is being incurred in connection with the
Transactions with the intent to hinder, delay or defraud either present or future creditors of the
Buyer or the Seller. In connection with the Transactions, the Buyer has not incurred, nor plans to
incur, debts beyond its ability to pay as they become absolute and matured.

4.6     Financial Capability. The Buyer (a) has as of the date hereof, and on the Closing Date
will have, sufficient funds available to pay the Purchase Price, including the Assumed Liabilities,
and any expenses incurred by the Buyer in connection with the Transactions, (b) has as of the
date hereof, and on the Closing Date will have, the resources and capabilities (financial or
otherwise) to perform its obligations hereunder and the other Transaction Documents, and (c) has
not incurred any obligation, commitment, restriction or Liability of any kind, which would
impair or adversely affect such resources and capabilities.




                                                 8
    A

    R

    T

    I

    C

    L

    E



    5



    C

    O

    N

    V

    E

    N

    A

    N

    T

    S



    O

    F



    T

    H

9
                                                                                 E



                                                                                 P

                                                                                 A

                                                                                 R

                                                                                 T

                                                                                 I

                                                                                 E

                                                                                 S

5.1     Expenses. Except to the extent otherwise specifically and expressly provided in this
Agreement or in the Sale Order, whether or not the Transactions are consummated, all costs and
expenses incurred in connection with this Agreement and the Transactions shall be borne by the
Party incurring such costs and expenses.

5.2    Tax Matters.

       (a)    Any sales, use, goods and services, harmonized sales, property transfer or gains,
       documentary, stamp, registration, recording, value added, or similar Tax payable in
       connection with the sale or transfer of the Purchased Assets and the assumption of the
       Assumed Liabilities (“Transfer Taxes”) shall be borne and paid by the Seller.

       (b)    The Seller and the Buyer agree to furnish or cause to be furnished to each other,
       upon request, as promptly as practicable, such information and assistance as is reasonably
       necessary for the filing of tax returns, the making of any election relating to taxes, the
       preparation for any audit or other proceeding by Governmental Authority and the
       prosecution or defense of any claim, suit or other proceeding relating to any tax.

5.3     Transfer of Purchased Assets. The Buyer will make all necessary arrangements for the
Buyer to take possession of the Purchased Assets, and, at the Buyer’s expense, to transfer the
same to a location owned or operated by the Buyer, to the extent necessary, as promptly as
practicable following the Closing, and the Seller shall fully cooperate with all such efforts, and
shall promptly transfer on the Closing Date all Purchased Assets that may be delivered by
electronic means.

5.4    Purchased Assets “AS IS;” Certain Acknowledgements.

       (a)    The Buyer agrees, warrants and represents that, except as otherwise expressly
       provided in this Agreement (i) the Buyer is purchasing the Purchased Assets on an “AS
       IS” and “WITH ALL FAULTS” basis based solely on the Buyer’s own investigation of
       the Seller, the Purchased Assets, the Assumed Liabilities, the Excluded Assets, the
       Excluded Liabilities and the Business, and (ii) neither the Seller nor any of the Seller’s

                                               10
Representatives has made, and the Buyer has not relied on, any warranties,
representations or guarantees, express, implied or statutory, written or oral, respecting the
Seller, the Purchased Assets, the Assumed Liabilities, the Excluded Assets, the Excluded
Liabilities or the Business, the financial performance of the Seller, the Purchased Assets,
the Assumed Liabilities, the Excluded Assets, the Excluded Liabilities or the Business, or
the physical condition of the Purchased Assets except that Seller warrants the machinery
on Schedule 1 is in working order. The Buyer further acknowledges that the
consideration for the Purchased Assets specified in this Agreement has been agreed upon
by the Seller and the Buyer after good-faith arms-length negotiation in light of the
Buyer’s agreement to purchase the Purchased Assets “AS IS” and “WITH ALL
FAULTS.” The Buyer agrees, warrants and represents that, except for the express
representations and warranties of the Seller set forth in Article 3 of this Agreement, the
Buyer has relied, and shall rely, solely upon its own investigation of all such matters, and
that the Buyer assumes all risks with




                                         11
     respect thereto. EXCEPT AS SET FORTH IN ARTICLE 3 OF THIS AGREEMENT,
     THE SELLER MAKE NO EXPRESS WARRANTY, NO WARRANTY OF
     MERCHANTABILITY, NO WARRANTY OF FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR
     PURPOSE, AND NO IMPLIED OR STATUTORY WARRANTY WHATSOEVER
     WITH RESPECT TO ANY REAL OR PERSONAL PROPERTY OR ANY FIXTURES
     OR THE BUSINESS OR THE SELLER, THE PURCHASED ASSETS, THE
     ASSUMED LIABILITIES, THE EXCLUDED ASSETS, THE EXCLUDED
     LIABILITIES OR THE
     BUSINESS. Notwithstanding the foregoing, nothing herein shall limit the Seller’s
     liability in the event of fraud or a breach of any covenant.

     (b)     The Buyer acknowledges and agrees that it has had an opportunity to discuss the
     Business with the management of the Seller and has been afforded the opportunity to ask
     questions of and receive answers from management of the Seller. In connection with the
     investigation by the Buyer, the Buyer has received or may receive from the Seller certain
     projections, forward-looking statements and other forecasts and certain business plan
     information. The Buyer acknowledges and agrees neither the Seller nor any other Person
     will have or be subject to any Liability or indemnification obligation to the Buyer or any
     other Person resulting from the distribution to, or use by, the Buyer or any of its Affiliates
     or any of the Buyer’s Representatives of any information provided to the Buyer or any of
     its Affiliates or any of the Buyer’s Representatives by the Seller or any of the Seller’s
     Representatives.

     (c)     Except for the representations and warranties contained in Article 3, the Buyer
     acknowledges that none of the Seller nor any other Person on behalf of the Seller makes
     any express or implied representation or warranty with respect to the Seller, the
     Purchased Assets, the Assumed Liabilities, the Excluded Assets, the Excluded Liabilities
     or the Business, or with respect to any information provided to the Buyer or any of its
     Affiliates or any Representative of the Buyer, and the Seller hereby disclaims any other
     representations or warranties made by the Seller or any other Person with respect to the
     execution and delivery of this Agreement, the other Transaction Documents, the Seller,
     the Purchased Assets, the Assumed Liabilities, the Excluded Assets, the Excluded
     Liabilities, the Business or the Transactions. The Buyer has not relied on any
     representation, warranty or other statement by any Person on behalf of the Seller, other
     than the representations and warranties of the Seller expressly contained in Article 3. The
     Buyer acknowledges and agrees that the representations and warranties set forth in
     Article 3 are made solely by the Seller, and no Affiliate of the Seller, Representative of
     the Seller or other Person shall have any responsibility or Liability related thereto.

5.5  Limitation of Damages. NOTWITHSTANDING ANY OTHER PROVISION IN THIS
AGREEMENT, NO PARTY SHALL BE LIABLE FOR SPECIAL, PUNITIVE, EXEMPLARY,
INCIDENTAL, CONSEQUENTIAL OR INDIRECT DAMAGES (INCLUDING LOSS OF
REVENUE, INCOME OR PROFITS BUT ONLY TO THE EXTENT THE SAME ARE NOT
DIRECT DAMAGES), DIMINUTION OF VALUE OR LOSS OF BUSINESS REPUTATION
OR OPPORTUNITY OF ANY OTHER PARTY OR ANY OF SUCH PARTY’S AFFILIATES,
WHETHER BASED ON CONTRACT, TORT, STRICT LIABILITY, OTHER LAW OR
OTHERWISE; PROVIDED, HOWEVER, THAT SUCH LIMITATIONS SHALL NOT LIMIT


                                              12
ANY PARTY’S RIGHT TO RECOVER CONTRACT DAMAGES IN CONNECTION WITH
THE OTHER PARTY'S FAILURE TO CLOSE IN VIOLATION OF THIS AGREEMENT.

                                       ARTICLE 6
                                 CONDITIONS TO CLOSING

6.1     Conditions to Closing. The obligations of the Parties to consummate the Closing shall be
subject to the satisfaction or, to the extent permitted by applicable Law, waiver at or prior to the
Closing of the following additional conditions:

       (a)     the Parties shall have performed and complied in all material respects with the
               covenants and agreements contained in this Agreement which are required to be
               performed and complied with by the Buyer on or prior to the Closing Date;

       (b)     the representations and warranties of the Seller set forth in Article 3 and of the
               Buyer set forth in Article 4, shall be true and correct as of the date of this
               Agreement and as of the Closing Date as though made at and as of the Closing
               Date;

       (c)     the Buyer shall have received the other items to be delivered to it pursuant to
               Article 2.2.

       (d)     the Seller shall have received the other items to be delivered to it pursuant to
               Article 2.3.

                                      ARTICLE 7
                              MISCELLANEOUS PROVISIONS

7.1    Amendment and Modification. This Agreement may be amended, modified or
supplemented only by a written instrument signed by the Seller, on behalf of each of the Seller,
and the Buyer.

7.2     Survival. The covenants and agreements of the Parties in this Agreement and the
representations and warranties of the Parties in this Agreement, in any instrument delivered
pursuant to this Agreement, or in the Schedules or Exhibits attached hereto, and shall not merge
with the Bill of Sale and become part thereof, but shall survive the Closing and shall continue in
full force and effect for a period of one (1) year from the Closing Date.

7.3    Notices. All notices or other communications required or permitted under, or otherwise
made in connection with, this Agreement shall be in writing and shall be deemed to have been
duly given or made (a) when delivered in person, (b) when sent if delivered or transmitted by
email (provided, no “bounce back” or notice of non-delivery is generated), (c) upon receipt after
dispatch by registered or certified mail, return receipt requested on postage prepaid, or (d) on the
next




                                                13
Business Day if transmitted by national overnight courier (with confirmation of delivery), in each
case, addressed as follows:

               If to the Seller, to:

                       Courtney A. Schael, Esq.
                       Ashford – Schael LLC
                       100 Quimby Street, Suite 1
                       Westfield, NJ. 07090

                       Email: cschael@ashfordnjlaw.com

                       -AND-

                       Benjamin Kolax
                       8 Upper Brook Lane
                       Hillsdale, NJ 07642

                       Email: Ben@arnoldcontract.us


               If to the Buyer, to:

                       Alan Ehrlich, Esq.
                       Ehrlich, Petriello, Gudin, Plaza & Reed
                       A Professional Corporation
                       60 Park Place 18th Fl
                       Newark, New Jersey 07102

                       Email: alan@epgprlaw.com

                       -AND-

                       ABC Coit Furniture LLC
                       120 Coit Street
                       Irvington, NJ 07111

                       Email: kamionka5520@gmail.com

or to such other address as any party shall specify by written notice so given, and such notice
shall be deemed to have been delivered as of the date so telecommunicated or personally
delivered. Any Party may notify any other Party of any changes to the address or any of the other
details specified in this 7.3; provided that such notification shall only be effective on the date
specified in such notice or five (5) Business Days after the notice is given, whichever is later.
Rejection or other refusal to accept or the inability to deliver because of changed address of
which no notice was given shall be deemed to be receipt of the notice as of the date of such
rejection, refusal or inability to deliver.


                                               14
7.4    Severability. If any term or other provision of this Agreement is invalid, illegal or
incapable of being enforced by any rule of Law or public policy, all other terms, conditions and
provisions of this Agreement shall nevertheless remain in full force and effect so long as the
economic or legal substance of the transactions contemplated hereby is not affected in any
manner materially adverse to any Party. Upon a determination that any term or other provision of
this Agreement is invalid, illegal or incapable of being enforced, the Parties shall negotiate in
good faith to modify this Agreement so as to effect the original intent of the Parties as closely as
possible in a mutually acceptable manner in order that the transactions contemplated hereby be
consummated as originally contemplated to the fullest extent possible.

7.5     Governing Law. This Agreement, and all claims and causes of action arising out of,
based upon, or related to this Agreement or the negotiation, execution or performance hereof,
shall be governed by, and construed, interpreted and enforced in accordance with, the Laws of
the State of New Jersey, without regard to choice or conflict of law principles that would result
in the application of any Laws other than the Laws of the State of New Jersey.

7.6      Submission to Jurisdiction. Any action, claim, suit or Proceeding arising out of, based
upon or relating to this Agreement or the transactions contemplated hereby shall be brought
solely in the courts of New Jersey. Each Party hereby irrevocably submits to the exclusive
jurisdiction of the courts of New Jersey in respect of any action, claim, suit or Proceeding arising
out of, based upon or relating to this Agreement or any of the rights and obligations arising
hereunder, and agrees that it will not bring any action arising out of, based upon or related
thereto in any other court. Each Party hereby irrevocably waives, and agrees not to assert as a
defense, counterclaim or otherwise, in any such action, claim, suit or Proceeding, (a) any claim
that it is not personally subject to the jurisdiction of the above named courts for any reason other
than the failure to serve process, (b) any claim that it or its property is exempt or immune from
jurisdiction of any such court or from any legal process commenced in such courts (whether
through service of notice, attachment prior to judgment, attachment in aid of execution of
judgment, execution of judgment or otherwise) and (c) to the fullest extent permitted by
applicable Law, any claim that (i) the suit, action or Proceeding in such court is brought in an
inconvenient forum, (ii) the venue of such suit, action or Proceeding is improper or (iii) this
Agreement or any other agreement or instrument contemplated hereby or entered into in
connection herewith, or the subject matter hereof or thereof, may not be enforced in or by such
courts. Each Party agrees that notice or the service of process in any action, claim, suit or
Proceeding arising out of, based upon or relating to this Agreement or any of the rights and
obligations arising hereunder or thereunder, shall be properly served or delivered if delivered in
the manner contemplated by Article 7.

7.7     Counterparts. This Agreement, the agreements referred to herein, and each other
agreement or instrument entered into in connection herewith or therewith or contemplated hereby
or thereby, and any amendments hereto or thereto, to the extent signed and delivered by means of
a photographic, photostatic, facsimile, portable document format (.pdf), DocuSign, electronic
signature or similar reproduction of such signed writing using a facsimile machine or electronic
mail shall be treated in all manner and respects as an original agreement or instrument and shall
be considered to have the same binding legal effect as if it were the original signed version
thereof delivered in person. No party hereto or to any such agreement or instrument shall raise
the use of a facsimile machine or electronic mail to deliver a signature or the fact that any
signature or agreement or instrument was transmitted or communicated through the use of a
facsimile machine
                                                15
or electronic mail or that any signature is in facsimile or electronic format (including .pdf or
DocuSign) as a defense to the formation or enforceability of a contract and each such party
forever waives any such defense.

7.8    Incorporation of Schedules and Exhibits. All Schedules and all Exhibits attached hereto
and referred to herein are hereby incorporated herein by reference and made a part of this
Agreement for all purposes as if fully set forth herein.

7.9    Entire Agreement. This Agreement (including all Schedules and all Exhibits), the
Confidentiality Agreement and the other Transaction Documents constitute the entire agreement
among the Parties with respect to the subject matter hereof and supersede all prior agreements
and understandings among the Parties with respect thereto.

7.10 Specific Performance. Each party agrees that irreparable damage may occur in the event
that any provision of this Agreement is not performed in accordance with its specific terms or
was otherwise breached and that monetary damages may not be an adequate remedy for any
breach or threatened breach of any of the provisions of this Agreement. It is accordingly agreed
that, (i) each party shall be entitled to an injunction or injunctions to prevent breaches of this
Agreement by the other and to enforce specifically the terms and provisions of this Agreement,
and any such injunction shall be in addition to any other remedy to which such party is entitled,
at law or in equity, (ii) each party waives any requirement for the securing or posting of any
bond in connection with the obtaining of any specific performance or injunctive relief and (iii)
each party will waive, in any action for specific performance, the defense of adequacy of a
remedy at Law. No party’s pursuit of specific performance at any time will be deemed an
election of remedies or waiver of the right to pursue any other right or remedy to which such
party may be entitled, including the right to pursue remedies for liabilities or damages incurred
or suffered by such party in the case of a breach of this Agreement.

7.11 Bulk Sales or Transfer Laws. The Buyer hereby waives compliance by the Seller with the
provisions of the bulk sales or transfer Laws of all applicable jurisdictions.

7.12 Mutual Drafting; Headings; Information Made Available. The Parties participated jointly
in the negotiation and drafting of this Agreement and the language used in this Agreement shall
be deemed to be the language chosen by the Parties to express their mutual intent. If an
ambiguity or question of intent or interpretation arises, then this Agreement will accordingly be
construed as drafted jointly by the Parties, and no presumption or burden of proof will arise
favoring or disfavoring any Party by virtue of the authorship of any of the provisions of this
Agreement. The descriptive headings and table of contents contained in this Agreement are
included for convenience of reference only and shall not affect in any way the meaning or
interpretation of this Agreement. To the extent this Agreement refers to information or
documents to be made available (or delivered or provided) to the Buyer or its Representatives,
the Seller shall be deemed to have satisfied such obligation if the Seller or any of its
Representatives has made such information or document available (or delivered or provided such
information or document) to the Buyer or any of its Representatives, whether in an electronic
data room, via electronic mail, in hard copy format or otherwise.




                                               16
IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have caused this Asset Purchase Agreement to be
executed as of the date first written above.

                               SELLER

                               ARNOLD RECEPTION DESKS INC


                               By:
                               Name: Benjamin Kolax
                               Title: President

                               BUYER

                               ABC COIT FURNITURE LLC


                               By:
                               Name: Benjamin Tyberg
                               Title: Member




                                          17
                             SCHEDULES AND EXHIBITS

                           ARNOLD RECEPTION DESKS INC

SCHEDULE 1— ASSUMED LIABILITIES
SCHEDULE 2— EXCLUDED LIABILITIES

Exhibit A – Bill of Sale




                                       18
19
                            Schedule 1—ASSUMED LIABILITIES

                            ARNOLD RECEPTION DESKS INC


All liabilities of any nature arising, accruing or incurred after the Closing Date.

All customer deposits and all obligations to fulfill customer orders, whether such deposits

were received before or after the Closing Date.




                                                  20
                               Schedule 2—EXCLUDED LIABILITIES

                                ARNOLD RECEPTION DESKS INC

     All accounts payable, trade payables, and other obligations to vendors or creditors of the Seller
arising or accruing prior to the Closing Date.

   Any and all amounts due for loans from Benjamin Kolax to Arnold Reception Desks Inc

   Any and all amounts due for loans from Wilhelm Kolax to Arnold Reception Desks Inc

   Employer health insurance, dental insurance, 401k plan, disability insurance, life insurance

   and all other employee benefit plans




                                                    21
